John 1:1  In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
John 14:6  Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
Matthew 28:19  Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
Romans 3:23  For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
Ephesians 2:8  For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
Genesis 1:1  In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Acts 1:8  But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
2 Timothy 3:16  All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
Romans 10:9  That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
Romans 6:23  For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Acts 2:38  Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
John 1:12  But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:
Romans 8:28  And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
John 1:9  That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.
Genesis 1:26  And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
Romans 12:1  I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.
Romans 5:8  But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
Matthew 28:18  And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.
John 3:3  Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
Mark 16:15  And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
John 10:10  The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
John 1:14  And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
Acts 4:12  Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
Acts 2:42  And they continued stedfastly in the apostles’ doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.
John 3:1  There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:
Galatians 5:22  But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,
Proverbs 3:5  Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.
Jeremiah 29:11  For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
John 2:1  And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there:
Titus 3:5  Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;
Romans 12:2  And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
John 14:1  Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.
John 4:1  When therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John,
Ephesians 4:11  And he gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and teachers;
Romans 5:12  Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:
Matthew 11:28  Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
Romans 5:1  Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:
Genesis 1:27  So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.
Romans 1:16  For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.
1 John 1:9  If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Acts 2:1  And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.
2 Corinthians 5:17  Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.
Hebrews 11:1  Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
2 Timothy 2:15  Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.
Romans 8:1  There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Romans 10:13  For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
John 8:32  And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
Isaiah 9:6  For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.
John 14:15  If ye love me, keep my commandments.
Deuteronomy 6:4  Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD:
John 13:34  A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.
John 4:24  God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
Philippians 4:13  I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
Ephesians 2:1  And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;
John 14:16  And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;
Genesis 1:2  And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
Hebrews 4:12  For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.
James 5:16  Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
Isaiah 7:14  Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.
John 1:7  The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe.
John 3:5  Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Philippians 2:5  Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:
John 1:29  The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.
Romans 1:18  For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;
Philippians 4:6  Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God.
Hebrews 12:1  Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,
John 1:3  All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
Matthew 16:18  And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.
Acts 17:11  These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so.
Galatians 2:20  I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.
Matthew 25:31  When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:
Matthew 5:17  Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil.
Romans 10:17  So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Matthew 6:33  But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.
Luke 4:18  The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,
John 16:13  Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
Acts 20:28  Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.
Titus 2:11  For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men,
John 8:44  Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.
Ephesians 6:10  Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.
Romans 13:1  Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
John 2:15  And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers’ money, and overthrew the tables;
Mark 16:16  He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.
Romans 3:10  As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:
Genesis 3:15  And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.
Hebrews 11:6  But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.
John 14:26  But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 5:24  Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.
Joel 2:28  And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:
Genesis 1:11  And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.
James 1:2  My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations;
Colossians 1:15  Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:
Matthew 22:37  Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.
Titus 2:13  Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;
Philippians 4:8  Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.
Acts 1:9  And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight.
John 4:7  There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink.
Micah 6:8  He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?
John 17:17  Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.
Leviticus 18:22  Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.
Acts 20:7  And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight.
Acts 16:31  And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
John 11:25  Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:
John 8:58  Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.
Acts 2:4  And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
John 15:5  I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.
Acts 2:41  Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.
Proverbs 22:6  Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.
Genesis 3:1  Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?
James 1:5  If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.
Hebrews 1:1  God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,
2 John 1:2  For the truth’s sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever.
John 17:3  And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
Luke 16:19  There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:
John 5:7  The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.
John 8:31  Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;
Luke 1:4  That thou mightest know the certainty of those things, wherein thou hast been instructed.
Revelation 3:20  Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.
1 Peter 2:3  If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious.
John 10:30  I and my Father are one.
1 Peter 3:15  But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear:
Matthew 7:21  Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.
John 3:18  He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.
Genesis 12:1  Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father’s house, unto a land that I will shew thee:
John 3:8  The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit.
John 15:1  I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman.
Genesis 2:7  And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
Genesis 1:3  And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
John 8:12  Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.
1 Peter 2:9  But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light:
Luke 1:26  And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,
Hebrews 9:27  And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:
John 3:2  The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.
Matthew 5:14  Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.
Exodus 3:14  And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.
1 Corinthians 6:9  Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,
Luke 10:25  And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Matthew 7:7  Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:
John 1:8  He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light.
Ephesians 1:3  Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:
Matthew 1:18  Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost.
Romans 1:20  For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:
John 8:9  And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst.
John 1:5  And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
1 Thessalonians 4:13  But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.
Hebrews 13:5  Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.
1 John 4:1  Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God: because many false prophets are gone out into the world.
James 1:17  Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.
Matthew 6:19  Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:
Isaiah 61:1  The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound;
Galatians 3:28  There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus.
2 Peter 3:9  The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
Acts 1:11  Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.
James 5:14  Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord:
John 3:36  He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.
Ephesians 6:12  For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.
Matthew 6:9  After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.
Acts 3:19  Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord;
James 2:14  What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save him?
Isaiah 40:31  But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
John 3:17  For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
Luke 1:35  And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.
Genesis 1:28  And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.
Ephesians 2:10  For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.
2 Corinthians 5:21  For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
Romans 6:1  What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?
Ephesians 1:13  In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,
Romans 6:3  Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?
1 John 4:5  They are of the world: therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them.
Matthew 18:15  Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother.
Luke 2:1  And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed.
James 1:27  Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.
John 16:33  These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
John 5:28  Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice,
John 5:39  Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.
Titus 2:3  The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;
John 4:23  But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
Matthew 7:1  Judge not, that ye be not judged.
1 Timothy 2:5  For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;
Matthew 4:1  Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.
John 1:18  No man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.
Ephesians 4:1  I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called,
John 5:1  After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
Ephesians 5:18  And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;
Ephesians 5:22  Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord.
Revelation 21:1  And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.
Micah 5:2  But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting.
2 Peter 3:4  And saying, Where is the promise of his coming? for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation.
John 6:44  No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 20:19  Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.
Psalms 119:105  Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
Genesis 2:18  And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him.
1 John 1:7  But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.
1 Corinthians 15:3  For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;
Isaiah 53:5  But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.
Ephesians 1:7  In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;
Ephesians 5:25  Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;
Romans 8:9  But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.
John 15:13  Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
Galatians 5:16  This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.
John 3:14  And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:
John 3:4  Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother’s womb, and be born?
Luke 15:11  And he said, A certain man had two sons:
Matthew 7:13  Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:
James 1:22  But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.
Genesis 2:24  Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.
John 10:27  My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me:
Colossians 1:16  For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:
Colossians 3:1  If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.
Acts 17:30  And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:
John 16:7  Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.
1 Peter 3:18  For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:
Hebrews 10:25  Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.
John 2:2  And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage.
Matthew 7:8  For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
Matthew 5:13  Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.
James 4:7  Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
John 10:11  I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.
John 4:8  (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.)
1 Peter 2:24  Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.
John 14:27  Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
John 6:37  All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out.
Acts 6:1  And in those days, when the number of the disciples was multiplied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration.
Romans 8:26  Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
John 20:1  The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre.
John 6:7  Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little.
Luke 14:1  And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.
Romans 8:29  For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.
John 5:19  Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.
Jeremiah 17:9  The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?
1 John 4:7  Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.
Exodus 1:5  And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already.
1 John 2:15  Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.
2 Peter 1:20  Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.
Colossians 3:12  Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;
John 15:26  But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
John 17:20  Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;
1 John 3:1  Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not.
Acts 10:34  Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons:
Luke 4:16  And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read.
Matthew 2:1  Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,
Titus 1:5  For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:
Acts 17:10  And the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night unto Berea: who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews.
Luke 9:23  And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.
Galatians 3:26  For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.
1 John 2:1  My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:
1 Peter 5:8  Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour:
2 Corinthians 1:2  Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
1 John 5:7  For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.
Hebrews 4:15  For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.
Hebrews 1:3  Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;
Acts 1:1  The former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and teach,
Galatians 5:1  Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
John 4:10  Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.
John 5:14  Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.
Luke 2:3  And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.
Isaiah 14:12  How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations!
Hebrews 13:8  Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Galatians 3:4  Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain.
Colossians 3:16  Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.
John 7:37  In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink.
Joshua 24:15  And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD.
Matthew 5:16  Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
Romans 8:14  For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
2 Chronicles 1:2  Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all Israel, the chief of the fathers.
Luke 11:1  And it came to pass, that, as he was praying in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord, teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.
Luke 10:38  Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house.
Romans 8:31  What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?
John 13:1  Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end.
John 1:4  In him was life; and the life was the light of men.
Philippians 2:12  Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.
Luke 14:25  And there went great multitudes with him: and he turned, and said unto them,
John 14:23  Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.
John 16:8  And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment:
2 Peter 1:21  For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.
1 John 1:8  If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.
Luke 18:1  And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;
James 2:3  And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing, and say unto him, Sit thou here in a good place; and say to the poor, Stand thou there, or sit here under my footstool:
Philippians 1:6  Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ:
Matthew 7:15  Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.
John 2:19  Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.
Exodus 20:8  Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.
Hebrews 10:24  And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works:
Philippians 2:1  If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,
John 14:2  In my Father’s house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.
Galatians 6:7  Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
Romans 6:4  Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.
Matthew 5:7  Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.
Galatians 5:19  Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,
John 2:18  Then answered the Jews and said unto him, What sign shewest thou unto us, seeing that thou doest these things?
1 Peter 1:3  Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,
Romans 8:38  For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
1 Corinthians 13:4  Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,
John 6:35  And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.
Acts 9:1  And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest,
Jude 1:2  Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied.
Ephesians 1:4  According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:
John 21:15  So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs.
John 5:13  And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place.
2 Corinthians 6:14  Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?
Matthew 6:25  Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?
Romans 1:6  Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ:
Isaiah 53:4  Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.
1 Chronicles 1:2  Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,
Ephesians 1:22  And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church,
Matthew 1:21  And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins.
1 John 1:1  That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life;
Ephesians 3:20  Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,
Exodus 20:1  And God spake all these words, saying,
Galatians 4:4  But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,
Hebrews 12:2  Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.
John 4:4  And he must needs go through Samaria.
John 16:17  Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father?
John 5:11  He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk.
Luke 4:1  And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness,
Acts 2:22  Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:
Luke 1:1  Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us,
Romans 8:18  For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
Acts 17:26  And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;
John 20:21  Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me, even so send I you.
Matthew 5:1  And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him:
Matthew 5:3  Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 1:3  And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;
Colossians 1:13  Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:
Luke 10:1  After these things the Lord appointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place, whither he himself would come.
Luke 7:36  And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the Pharisee’s house, and sat down to meat.
Luke 1:7  And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years.
Isaiah 6:1  In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple.
Revelation 20:11  And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.
Mark 1:15  And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.
Romans 1:26  For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
Leviticus 20:13  If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.
Ephesians 5:21  Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.
1 Corinthians 6:19  What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?
John 4:16  Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.
Luke 19:10  For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.
Matthew 28:20  Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.
Luke 24:1  Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them.
Hebrews 4:14  Seeing then that we have a great high priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession.
2 Chronicles 7:14  If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
1 John 3:2  Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.
1 Corinthians 15:1  Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;
John 14:12  Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.
Mark 1:14  Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God,
2 Timothy 3:1  This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.
John 15:16  Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.
Exodus 20:3  Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
Acts 2:37  Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?
Luke 23:34  Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.
Matthew 7:12  Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.
Matthew 6:24  No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
Matthew 6:1  Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven.
Mark 1:1  The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God;
Jeremiah 31:31  Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah:
James 5:6  Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he doth not resist you.
Philippians 4:19  But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
Matthew 18:20  For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.
Daniel 9:24  Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy.
James 4:6  But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble.
Mark 16:17  And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;
Revelation 19:11  And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.
Psalms 19:1  The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
John 1:6  There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.
1 Corinthians 10:13  There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.
Luke 6:27  But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,
Matthew 24:14  And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.
Matthew 4:4  But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
2 Timothy 3:15  And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
Acts 5:3  But Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land?
Matthew 5:44  But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;
Colossians 2:9  For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily.
Colossians 2:8  Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.
Galatians 6:1  Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.
John 1:11  He came unto his own, and his own received him not.
Hebrews 12:14  Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:
John 3:19  And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.
Mark 12:30  And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment.
Daniel 9:27  And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate.
Ecclesiastes 3:1  To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:
Acts 2:17  And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:
Acts 1:4  And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me.
Luke 1:10  And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.
Philippians 2:6  Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:
Matthew 1:23  Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.
Philippians 4:4  Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
Luke 12:14  And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?
Luke 6:38  Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again.
Romans 3:21  But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets;
John 13:35  By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.
Romans 15:4  For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.
1 John 4:8  He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.
1 John 2:2  And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world.
James 4:4  Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.
1 Thessalonians 4:16  For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:
1 Corinthians 1:18  For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.
John 15:12  This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.
Luke 1:8  And it came to pass, that while he executed the priest’s office before God in the order of his course,
2 Timothy 1:2  To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
1 Corinthians 13:1  Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.
Job 1:6  Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them.
James 1:13  Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:
1 Timothy 4:1  Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;
Ephesians 2:19  Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;
Acts 13:1  Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers; as Barnabas, and Simeon that was called Niger, and Lucius of Cyrene, and Manaen, which had been brought up with Herod the tetrarch, and Saul.
John 10:28  And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.
James 1:19  Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:
Galatians 1:6  I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel:
Acts 10:38  How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.
Matthew 1:4  And Aram begat Aminadab; and Aminadab begat Naasson; and Naasson begat Salmon;
2 Peter 1:3  According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:
Hebrews 11:12  Therefore sprang there even of one, and him as good as dead, so many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by the sea shore innumerable.
Acts 8:26  And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert.
Luke 22:19  And he took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them, saying, This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of me.
Luke 5:1  And it came to pass, that, as the people pressed upon him to hear the word of God, he stood by the lake of Gennesaret,
Colossians 1:18  And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all things he might have the preeminence.
John 2:3  And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine.
1 Corinthians 12:12  For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.
Acts 5:29  Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men.
Luke 13:3  I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.
Matthew 25:41  Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:
Matthew 1:1  The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.
John 17:21  That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.
John 5:4  For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.
James 5:13  Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.
James 1:12  Blessed is the man that endureth temptation: for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him.
Romans 5:6  For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.
John 4:19  The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.
2 Timothy 1:7  For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
Matthew 25:14  For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods.
James 2:19  Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble.
Acts 1:6  When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?
Luke 18:9  And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others:
Luke 13:10  And he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath.
Isaiah 64:6  But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.
Luke 6:7  And the scribes and Pharisees watched him, whether he would heal on the sabbath day; that they might find an accusation against him.
Genesis 1:31  And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
Acts 4:32  And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common.
Acts 2:36  Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.
Luke 24:44  And he said unto them, These are the words which I spake unto you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me.
Luke 1:12  And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him.
Revelation 21:8  But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
2 Peter 2:1  But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction.
James 1:7  For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord.
Hebrews 7:25  Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.
Mark 12:29  And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:
John 18:36  Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence.
Luke 14:26  If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.
Psalms 1:1  Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful.
Romans 12:3  For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.
John 15:7  If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.
Mark 16:9  Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils.
Matthew 28:1  In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.
John 14:9  Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the Father?
John 4:18  For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly.
Mark 10:45  For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.
James 3:1  My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.
Acts 5:1  But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession,
John 6:8  One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter’s brother, saith unto him,
Leviticus 19:18  Thou shalt not avenge, nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself: I am the LORD.
John 19:30  When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.
Mark 16:1  And when the sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him.
1 John 1:5  This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.
Luke 24:13  And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.
Matthew 5:48  Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.
Philippians 3:20  For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:
John 3:6  That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
Matthew 10:34  Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.
Hosea 4:6  My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children.
Isaiah 53:6  All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.
James 1:11  For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.
Acts 17:28  For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.
1 Peter 4:10  As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.
1 Peter 3:5  For after this manner in the old time the holy women also, who trusted in God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands:
1 Thessalonians 2:3  For our exhortation was not of deceit, nor of uncleanness, nor in guile:
Philippians 2:3  Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem other better than themselves.
Ephesians 6:1  Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.
John 1:2  The same was in the beginning with God.
Mark 12:28  And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all?
Isaiah 55:8  For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD.
Matthew 5:27  Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:
Revelation 22:18  For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:
Colossians 1:6  Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:
1 Peter 5:7  Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.
1 Timothy 2:1  I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men;
Romans 1:3  Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;
Acts 5:6  And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried him out, and buried him.
John 6:63  It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.
Isaiah 51:1  Hearken to me, ye that follow after righteousness, ye that seek the LORD: look unto the rock whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit whence ye are digged.
Ephesians 6:4  And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.
Galatians 3:13  Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:
Malachi 3:10  Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.
Genesis 3:16  Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.
1 Peter 1:2  Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied.
1 Corinthians 15:50  Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption.
John 9:1  And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.
Luke 23:43  And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.
Joel 2:3  A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them.
Hebrews 2:14  Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;
Matthew 25:40  And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
Psalms 139:13  For thou hast possessed my reins: thou hast covered me in my mother’s womb.
Genesis 12:3  And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.
Genesis 1:29  And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
2 Peter 1:6  And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;
John 10:1  Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.
Daniel 7:13  I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him.
1 John 3:16  Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.
Romans 1:1  Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God,
Exodus 20:13  Thou shalt not kill.
1 Corinthians 11:23  For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread:
John 4:14  But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.
Acts 19:1  And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,
Matthew 7:24  Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock:
Revelation 7:9  After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands;
Romans 8:16  The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:
1 Timothy 3:1  This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work.
2 Corinthians 12:9  And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
Romans 3:24  Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:
Matthew 5:9  Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
Isaiah 1:18  Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.
Joshua 1:9  Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
Hebrews 13:4  Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.
Matthew 6:5  And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
Matthew 5:43  Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.
Proverbs 1:7  The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Exodus 20:12  Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
Genesis 1:8  And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
2 Peter 1:11  For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 10:31  Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God.
Daniel 12:1  And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.
Colossians 3:23  And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men;
Ephesians 3:14  For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
Galatians 5:13  For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.
Romans 2:3  And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?
Acts 16:30  And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?
Isaiah 1:3  The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master’s crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider.
Revelation 12:9  And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.
John 3:13  And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.
Joshua 1:8  This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.
Revelation 20:4  And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.
Ephesians 5:1  Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;
Romans 12:9  Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.
Luke 1:9  According to the custom of the priest’s office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord.
Mark 2:1  And again he entered into Capernaum, after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house.
Hebrews 4:5  And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest.
Romans 9:11  (For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)
Acts 11:26  And when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.
Matthew 16:13  When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?
John 20:31  But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name.
Luke 12:13  And one of the company said unto him, Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me.
1 Peter 1:18  Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;
Ephesians 6:18  Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;
Matthew 18:21  Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven times?
Matthew 3:16  And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:
Proverbs 31:10  Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.
John 11:1  Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town of Mary and her sister Martha.
Malachi 3:6  For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed.
John 4:9  Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.
Genesis 2:15  And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.
Revelation 20:1  And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.
1 Peter 3:1  Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives;
John 3:15  That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
Isaiah 40:3  The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.
Proverbs 14:12  There is a way which seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.
Genesis 6:5  And GOD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.
James 2:10  For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.
Colossians 2:12  Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead.
Colossians 1:28  Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus:
Matthew 26:26  And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body.
Isaiah 3:12  As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. O my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths.
1 John 3:4  Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law.
James 1:10  But the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away.
Ephesians 3:4  Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ)
John 14:21  He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.
John 3:7  Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.
Matthew 16:24  Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Romans 5:3  And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;
Luke 12:32  Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father’s good pleasure to give you the kingdom.
James 2:1  My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons.
Acts 15:1  And certain men which came down from Judaea taught the brethren, and said, Except ye be circumcised after the manner of Moses, ye cannot be saved.
John 1:10  He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.
Mark 9:43  And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:
Titus 1:2  In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began;
Romans 1:10  Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you.
Romans 10:14  How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?
Acts 22:16  And now why tarriest thou? arise, and be baptized, and wash away thy sins, calling on the name of the Lord.
Luke 15:1  Then drew near unto him all the publicans and sinners for to hear him.
Mark 11:24  Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall havethem.
Mark 10:17  And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?
Deuteronomy 6:5  And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.
Revelation 3:4  Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.
Ephesians 4:30  And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.
Luke 10:11  Even the very dust of your city, which cleaveth on us, we do wipe off against you: notwithstanding be ye sure of this, that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.
Philippians 1:21  For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.
Ephesians 4:4  There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling;
Luke 19:1  And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.
Philippians 1:1  Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:
Luke 11:12  Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?
1 John 5:11  And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
2 Corinthians 4:4  In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.
1 John 5:13  These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
Ephesians 1:8  Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence;
Mark 8:34  And when he had called the people unto him with his disciples also, he said unto them, Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Matthew 28:16  Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed them.
Isaiah 11:1  And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots:
Genesis 22:1  And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.
Genesis 11:1  And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.
Matthew 25:1  Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.
Revelation 14:6  And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,
Acts 17:24  God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands;
Acts 16:17  The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation.
Mark 1:9  And it came to pass in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in Jordan.
Isaiah 43:10  Ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, and my servant whom I have chosen: that ye may know and believe me, and understand that I am he: before me there was no God formed, neither shall there be after me.
1 Peter 2:21  For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps:
Colossians 2:16  Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:
Ephesians 4:15  But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ:
1 Corinthians 3:4  For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I am of Apollos; are ye not carnal?
Acts 1:3  To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God:
Revelation 1:7  Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.
1 Peter 5:1  The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed:
Colossians 3:5  Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:
2 Corinthians 3:18  But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord.
Ephesians 2:4  But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us,
Romans 1:17  For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.
Genesis 4:1  And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.
Acts 2:47  Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.
John 16:12  I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.
Luke 3:23  And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was the son of Heli,
Matthew 10:28  And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.
Colossians 1:9  For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;
Colossians 1:8  Who also declared unto us your love in the Spirit.
Ephesians 4:32  And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ’s sake hath forgiven you.
Ephesians 1:11  In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:
Romans 1:12  That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.
Luke 1:46  And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,
Isaiah 41:10  Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.
Psalms 37:4  Delight thyself also in the LORD; and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart.
Revelation 20:10  And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
1 John 5:14  And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:
Romans 8:15  For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.
Matthew 3:11  I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire:
Isaiah 55:1  Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters, and he that hath no money; come ye, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price.
Revelation 21:4  And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.
1 Peter 1:23  Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.
Galatians 6:9  And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.
1 Timothy 3:16  And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.
John 20:28  And Thomas answered and said unto him, My Lord and my God.
Luke 13:1  There were present at that season some that told him of the Galilaeans, whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices.
Luke 10:27  And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself.
Matthew 24:36  But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only.
Genesis 6:1  And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them,
2 Timothy 1:13  Hold fast the form of sound words, which thou hast heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
John 20:17  Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father; and to my God, and your God.
John 17:1  These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:
Matthew 5:21  Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment:
Malachi 3:1  Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 2:4  Hear ye the word of the LORD, O house of Jacob, and all the families of the house of Israel:
2 Peter 1:7  And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity.
Romans 8:35  Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
Luke 24:49  And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.
1 John 2:18  Little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.
James 4:1  From whence come wars and fightings among you? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?
Colossians 3:17  And whatsoever ye do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the Father by him.
Philippians 2:9  Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:
Ephesians 4:29  Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.
Acts 2:44  And all that believed were together, and had all things common;
Luke 1:14  And thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth.
Matthew 24:15  When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)
Matthew 5:38  Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth:
Colossians 1:7  As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ;
Ephesians 2:11  Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;
John 21:1  After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself.
John 5:3  In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water.
Malachi 3:4  Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the LORD, as in the days of old, and as in former years.
Jeremiah 1:4  Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
1 John 4:16  And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.
2 Peter 3:18  But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.
James 4:8  Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.
James 1:1  James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting.
2 Corinthians 1:3  Blessed be God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, and the God of all comfort;
Acts 20:35  I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive.
John 5:18  Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.
Mark 9:10  And they kept that saying with themselves, questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean.
2 Timothy 4:1  I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;
Luke 24:47  And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.
Matthew 5:18  For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.
2 Corinthians 13:14  The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.
Genesis 2:4  These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens,
2 Peter 3:10  But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.
John 2:13  And the Jews’ passover was at hand, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem,
Jeremiah 33:3  Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not.
1 Thessalonians 5:6  Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober.
Luke 3:1  Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene,
Matthew 7:26  And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand:
Genesis 6:9  These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God.
2 Peter 1:19  We have also a more sure word of prophecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the day star arise in your hearts:
Galatians 1:8  But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.
1 Corinthians 2:3  And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling.
Luke 2:8  And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night.
Amos 4:1  Hear this word, ye kine of Bashan, that are in the mountain of Samaria, which oppress the poor, which crush the needy, which say to their masters, Bring, and let us drink.
Ephesians 5:15  See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,
Romans 1:9  For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;
Matthew 5:6  Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.
Exodus 20:4  Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth:
Genesis 2:17  But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
2 Peter 1:8  For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Hebrews 10:19  Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,
2 Timothy 4:3  For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears;
Galatians 2:3  But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be circumcised:
2 Corinthians 3:4  And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward:
Acts 2:14  But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:
Acts 1:5  For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.
John 14:17  Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
John 8:36  If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.
Isaiah 26:3  Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee.
2 Peter 1:4  Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.
2 Corinthians 5:10  For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad.
Ephesians 4:12  For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ:
Romans 13:8  Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.
Psalms 103:1  Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.
1 Timothy 4:12  Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.
Acts 2:21  And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Luke 6:20  And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said, Blessed be ye poor: for yours is the kingdom of God.
Jeremiah 1:5  Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.
Ephesians 6:11  Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Galatians 6:2  Bear ye one another’s burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:16  Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?
Acts 1:14  These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren.
Proverbs 4:23  Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.
Hebrews 4:16  Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.
Titus 1:9  Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers.
Romans 16:17  Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them.
Daniel 12:2  And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt.
1 John 3:8  He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil.
Ephesians 5:19  Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;
Romans 11:12  Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?
Mark 9:23  Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
1 Corinthians 12:13  For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.
Zechariah 9:9  Rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass.
Leviticus 1:2  Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man of you bring an offering unto the LORD, ye shall bring your offering of the cattle, even of the herd, and of the flock.
Exodus 20:15  Thou shalt not steal.
Hebrews 13:17  Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that is unprofitable for you.
Galatians 2:16  Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.
Matthew 19:16  And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Romans 11:33  O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!
John 8:1  Jesus went unto the mount of Olives.
1 Corinthians 2:9  But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.
Acts 20:24  But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.
Acts 20:17  And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church.
Acts 16:16  And it came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying:
John 14:3  And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.
Matthew 10:32  Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.
Revelation 1:5  And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood,
1 Corinthians 15:51  Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,
Romans 3:20  Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin.
Acts 2:23  Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain:
John 3:23  And John also was baptizing in Aenon near to Salim, because there was much water there: and they came, and were baptized.
Luke 12:49  I am come to send fire on the earth; and what will I if it be already kindled?
Job 19:25  For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:
Revelation 3:14  And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;
Psalms 46:10  Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth.
2 Timothy 4:2  Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.
1 Thessalonians 5:23  And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Philippians 3:10  That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;
1 Corinthians 7:8  I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they abide even as I.
Romans 5:5  And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.
Acts 10:44  While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.
John 15:18  If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.
Mark 2:27  And he said unto them, The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath:
Matthew 3:13  Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him.
Zechariah 12:10  And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.
1 John 4:18  There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
Acts 2:46  And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,
Luke 1:5  There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was Elisabeth.
Matthew 27:46  And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Isaiah 59:2  But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.
Romans 1:13  Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles.
Luke 6:46  And why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?
1 Timothy 3:15  But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
1 Thessalonians 4:5  Not in the lust of concupiscence, even as the Gentiles which know not God:
Matthew 1:11  And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:
Hebrews 9:22  And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.
John 1:20  And he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, I am not the Christ.
Genesis 2:1  Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.
1 Corinthians 12:4  Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.
Romans 1:8  First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.
Acts 8:36  And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized?
John 12:32  And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.
John 5:20  For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel.
Genesis 2:3  And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.
Revelation 2:3  And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name’s sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted.
1 Peter 4:5  Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead.
Philippians 2:13  For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.
John 12:1  Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.
1 Peter 1:13  Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;
Hebrews 13:1  Let brotherly love continue.
Genesis 1:13  And the evening and the morning were the third day.
Colossians 2:6  As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him:
Romans 12:15  Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Luke 2:52  And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man.
Numbers 1:2  Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls;
Titus 3:4  But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,
Romans 1:21  Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.
John 2:16  And said unto them that sold doves, Take these things hence; make not my Father’s house an house of merchandise.
Luke 21:25  And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;
1 Samuel 16:7  But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.
Revelation 22:17  And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.
Galatians 3:27  For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ.
Matthew 6:14  For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:
1 Corinthians 2:14  But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.
Matthew 23:23  Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.
James 3:4  Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth.
Philippians 3:5  Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;
Acts 14:22  Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God.
John 10:35  If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;
John 6:1  After these things Jesus went over the sea of Galilee, which is the sea of Tiberias.
Luke 24:39  Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.
Luke 4:14  And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there went out a fame of him through all the region round about.
Mark 4:35  And the same day, when the even was come, he saith unto them, Let us pass over unto the other side.
Psalms 46:1  God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Acts 3:1  Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour.
Amos 3:7  Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.
Daniel 2:44  And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever.
3 John 1:3  For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth.
Romans 3:25  Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;
John 14:28  Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.
John 14:13  And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
Luke 22:31  And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat:
Amos 8:11  Behold, the days come, saith the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD:
Revelation 1:8  I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.
Hebrews 6:1  Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God,
Acts 26:18  To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me.
John 3:9  Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be?
Luke 22:23  And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing.
1 John 4:4  Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
Luke 10:12  But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city.
Psalms 139:1  O LORD, thou hast searched me, and known me.
Revelation 12:7  And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels,
1 John 2:3  And hereby we do know that we know him, if we keep his commandments.
2 Timothy 2:2  And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.
Philippians 1:5  For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;
Acts 10:1  There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band,
John 10:9  I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.
John 3:22  After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized.
Luke 3:21  Now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass, that Jesus also being baptized, and praying, the heaven was opened,
Mark 13:32  But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.
Daniel 9:10  Neither have we obeyed the voice of the LORD our God, to walk in his laws, which he set before us by his servants the prophets.
Psalms 127:3  Lo, children are an heritage of the LORD: and the fruit of the womb is his reward.
Exodus 3:1  Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.
Genesis 17:1  And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect.
Revelation 4:11  Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.
James 2:17  Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.
Titus 2:14  Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.
Romans 1:24  Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:
Luke 9:51  And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem,
Luke 9:28  And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings, he took Peter and John and James, and went up into a mountain to pray.
Song of Solomon 2:1  I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys.
Revelation 22:12  And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.
Revelation 5:9  And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation;
1 John 5:1  Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him.
Hebrews 2:9  But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man.
Titus 3:1  Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work,
Galatians 1:5  To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Luke 1:32  He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:
Matthew 25:34  Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:
Psalms 23:1  The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Ephesians 4:17  This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,
1 Corinthians 1:10  Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.
Romans 12:6  Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
Luke 12:15  And he said unto them, Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man’s life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth.
Mark 10:13  And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them.
Matthew 25:46  And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.
Matthew 24:29  Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:
Malachi 3:8  Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings.
James 4:17  Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.
Hebrews 1:2  Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;
Romans 15:13  Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.
Romans 14:1  Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations.
John 12:31  Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.
John 5:12  Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?
Matthew 14:22  And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him unto the other side, while he sent the multitudes away.
Psalms 19:7  The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the LORD is sure, making wise the simple.
1 Peter 1:9  Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls.
Hebrews 11:3  Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.
Philippians 3:12  Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.
Acts 14:23  And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed.
Luke 16:1  And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods.
Isaiah 42:1  Behold my servant, whom I uphold; mine elect, in whom my soul delighteth; I have put my spirit upon him: he shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles.
Numbers 6:24  The LORD bless thee, and keep thee:
James 5:7  Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain.
Hebrews 6:4  For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost,
John 10:16  And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd.
Mark 5:1  And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes.
Matthew 24:35  Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.
Ecclesiastes 1:11  There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.
Exodus 5:1  And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, and told Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness.
1 Peter 3:21  The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ:
Romans 1:19  Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them.
John 15:9  As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love.
John 15:4  Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me.
Luke 17:20  And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation:
1 Corinthians 9:10  Or saith he it altogether for our sakes? For our sakes, no doubt, this is written: that he that ploweth should plow in hope; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope.
Romans 11:25  For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.
John 2:6  And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece.
John 1:17  For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
1 John 4:10  Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
Acts 17:31  Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead.
John 7:38  He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.
John 2:22  When therefore he was risen from the dead, his disciples remembered that he had said this unto them; and they believed the scripture, and the word which Jesus had said.
Mark 7:1  Then came together unto him the Pharisees, and certain of the scribes, which came from Jerusalem.
Isaiah 9:10  The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into cedars.
Acts 1:7  And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power.
John 8:24  I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.
John 5:22  For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son:
Proverbs 30:5  Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him.
1 Samuel 2:3  Talk no more so exceeding proudly; let not arrogancy come out of your mouth: for the LORD is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed.
Revelation 20:15  And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
2 Peter 1:13  Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance;
Acts 8:12  But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women.
Acts 8:1  And Saul was consenting unto his death. And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles.
Isaiah 55:11  So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.
Psalms 14:1  The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good.
Acts 20:21  Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ.
John 4:20  Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship.
Matthew 5:8  Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.
Luke 24:27  And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself.
Matthew 16:26  For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
1 John 4:19  We love him, because he first loved us.
2 Peter 3:8  But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
Ephesians 6:17  And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:
John 17:11  And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.
Proverbs 27:17  Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Genesis 2:16  And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
Hebrews 10:26  For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,
2 Corinthians 2:3  And I wrote this same unto you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is the joy of you all.
Matthew 11:25  At that time Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes.
Psalms 27:1  The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Psalms 24:1  The earth is the LORD’S, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.
Job 1:1  There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and eschewed evil.
John 2:20  Then said the Jews, Forty and six years was this temple in building, and wilt thou rear it up in three days?
John 2:4  Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.
Mark 8:36  For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?
Hosea 11:1  When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.
Genesis 15:1  After these things the word of the LORD came unto Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward.
Ephesians 1:1  Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:
Romans 10:12  For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.
Acts 20:32  And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.
Luke 8:9  And his disciples asked him, saying, What might this parable be?
Luke 6:31  And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.
Matthew 1:8  And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;
Genesis 3:6  And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her; and he did eat.
Ephesians 2:20  And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;
John 16:18  They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith.
Mark 8:27  And Jesus went out, and his disciples, into the towns of Caesarea Philippi: and by the way he asked his disciples, saying unto them, Whom do men say that I am?
Matthew 24:24  For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.
Numbers 23:19  God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good?
Revelation 1:1  The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John:
1 John 5:8  And there are three that bear witness in earth, the spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.
Colossians 2:13  And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;
Philippians 4:11  Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content.
Ephesians 5:23  For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body.
Ephesians 5:7  Be not ye therefore partakers with them.
Ephesians 1:12  That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.
2 Corinthians 8:9  For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.
Psalms 51:5  Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me.
Joshua 24:14  Now therefore fear the LORD, and serve him in sincerity and in truth: and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve ye the LORD.
Exodus 20:2  I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.
Philemon 1:21  Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say.
Philippians 3:13  Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,
Romans 5:9  Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Acts 17:22  Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars’ hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious.
John 6:53  Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you.
Luke 2:41  Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover.
Mark 10:12  And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery.
Matthew 13:24  Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field:
1 Peter 2:4  To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious,
1 Peter 2:2  As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:
2 Thessalonians 2:3  Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition;
Colossians 1:24  Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body’s sake, which is the church:
Romans 12:4  For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:
Romans 8:37  Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
Romans 8:7  Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.
Acts 13:2  As they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them.
John 5:17  But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.
Luke 17:11  And it came to pass, as he went to Jerusalem, that he passed through the midst of Samaria and Galilee.
Matthew 17:20  And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.
Ecclesiastes 1:12  I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
1 John 5:4  For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.
1 Timothy 3:5  (For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)
1 Corinthians 11:12  For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God.
Romans 2:1  Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.
John 20:22  And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:
John 5:16  And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.
John 4:13  Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again:
1 Thessalonians 5:17  Pray without ceasing.
Ephesians 2:2  Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:
John 20:30  And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:
Matthew 5:28  But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.
1 Timothy 6:7  For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out.
2 Corinthians 9:10  Now he that ministereth seed to the sower both minister bread for your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of your righteousness;)
John 12:24  Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.
Luke 11:13  If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children: how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?
Luke 9:1  Then he called his twelve disciples together, and gave them power and authority over all devils, and to cure diseases.
Matthew 19:14  But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 19:4  And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female,
Matthew 5:22  But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire.
Exodus 20:14  Thou shalt not commit adultery.
Galatians 4:6  And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.
John 5:30  I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.
Daniel 7:9  I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.
Genesis 1:14  And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:
1 Peter 2:5  Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 4:26  Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:
2 Corinthians 9:6  But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully.
Luke 24:36  And as they thus spake, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.
Luke 1:37  For with God nothing shall be impossible.
Matthew 21:22  And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.
Matthew 20:28  Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.
Colossians 4:2  Continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving;
Ephesians 4:25  Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another.
Romans 8:17  And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together.
Romans 6:6  Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.
Luke 23:46  And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit: and having said thus, he gave up the ghost.
Mark 6:3  Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him.
Malachi 4:5  Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD:
Isaiah 11:6  The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them.
Proverbs 29:18  Where there is no vision, the people perish: but he that keepeth the law, happy is he.
Revelation 11:15  And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever.
Colossians 3:18  Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord.
Philippians 1:8  For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ.
Romans 2:4  Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?
Acts 1:17  For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry.
John 15:15  Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.
John 6:51  I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.
Luke 11:9  And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
Luke 3:5  Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth;
Mark 10:6  But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female.
Matthew 22:36  Master, which is the great commandment in the law?
Hebrews 9:14  How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?
Philippians 1:11  Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God.
Ephesians 4:7  But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ.
Acts 8:10  To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God.
Luke 22:42  Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done.
Luke 9:11  And the people, when they knew it, followed him: and he received them, and spake unto them of the kingdom of God, and healed them that had need of healing.
Mark 10:46  And they came to Jericho: and as he went out of Jericho with his disciples and a great number of people, blind Bartimaeus, the son of Timaeus, sat by the highway side begging.
Matthew 16:16  And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Isaiah 55:6  Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:
Proverbs 23:7  For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.
Psalms 110:1  The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool.
Genesis 3:17  And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life;
Revelation 6:9  And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held:
Hebrews 1:8  But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.
Galatians 3:1  O foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you, that ye should not obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you?
Romans 8:11  But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.
Acts 16:6  Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia,
Luke 19:20  And another came, saying, Lord, behold, here is thy pound, which I have kept laid up in a napkin:
Luke 13:14  And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation, because that Jesus had healed on the sabbath day, and said unto the people, There are six days in which men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day.
Luke 8:1  And it came to pass afterward, that he went throughout every city and village, preaching and shewing the glad tidings of the kingdom of God: and the twelve were with him,
Mark 14:15  And he will shew you a large upper room furnished and prepared: there make ready for us.
Revelation 1:4  John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;
Ephesians 4:22  That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts;
Acts 1:13  And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode both Peter, and James, and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James.
Luke 2:11  For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.
Isaiah 48:17  Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD thy God which teacheth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go.
Isaiah 40:1  Comfort ye, comfort ye my people, saith your God.
Isaiah 5:1  Now will I sing to my wellbeloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill:
1 Timothy 2:11  Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection.
2 Corinthians 9:7  Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful giver.
Romans 12:19  Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.
John 6:47  Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life.
Luke 24:46  And said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day:
Luke 18:18  And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Exodus 19:5  Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:
Revelation 13:1  And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.
2 Peter 1:14  Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me.
Titus 3:3  For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.
Ephesians 5:11  And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
Romans 7:14  For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin.
Acts 16:14  And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto the things which were spoken of Paul.
Luke 10:19  Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
Luke 6:37  Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:
Mark 3:4  And he saith unto them, Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath days, or to do evil? to save life, or to kill? But they held their peace.
Isaiah 65:17  For, behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.
Genesis 3:22  And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:
1 Peter 3:7  Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.
1 Timothy 2:9  In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;
Ephesians 6:8  Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free.
Romans 3:19  Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.
Luke 7:11  And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people.
Luke 5:6  And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake.
Daniel 9:25  Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times.
Isaiah 6:7  And he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged.
Galatians 5:7  Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?
John 1:13  Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
Luke 6:12  And it came to pass in those days, that he went out into a mountain to pray, and continued all night in prayer to God.
Luke 6:8  But he knew their thoughts, and said to the man which had the withered hand, Rise up, and stand forth in the midst. And he arose and stood forth.
Mark 15:34  And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Mark 9:2  And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter, and James, and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves: and he was transfigured before them.
Matthew 18:19  Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 1:10  And Ezekias begat Manasses; and Manasses begat Amon; and Amon begat Josias;
Deuteronomy 30:19  I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live:
1 John 4:9  In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.
2 Peter 2:4  For if God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto judgment;
Hebrews 2:1  Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip.
Romans 3:9  What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;
John 19:20  This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin.
Matthew 24:21  For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
Matthew 12:13  Then saith he to the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it forth; and it was restored whole, like as the other.
Isaiah 43:1  But now thus saith the LORD that created thee, O Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name; thou art mine.
Leviticus 17:11  For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that maketh an atonement for the soul.
1 Peter 1:1  Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,
James 3:13  Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom.
James 1:14  But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.
Romans 10:8  But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach;
Acts 13:48  And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed.
Acts 1:15  And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples, and said, (the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty,)
Luke 1:18  And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years.
Matthew 17:1  And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart,
Matthew 7:10  Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?
Isaiah 59:1  Behold, the LORD’S hand is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear:
Isaiah 44:6  Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.
1 John 1:3  That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us: and truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with his Son Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:5  And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge;
Colossians 1:27  To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:
2 Corinthians 5:18  And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;
Acts 10:43  To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins.
Matthew 24:3  And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?
Matthew 10:16  Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.
Matthew 8:9  For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.
Daniel 7:25  And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.
Isaiah 53:3  He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not.
Proverbs 1:3  To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity;
James 1:18  Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures.
1 Timothy 1:15  This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.
1 Corinthians 9:24  Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain.
Romans 12:10  Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;
John 17:5  And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was.
John 10:13  The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep.
John 6:9  There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many?
Ecclesiastes 4:9  Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour.
Ecclesiastes 3:4  A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;
Luke 10:30  And Jesus answering said, A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him of his raiment, and wounded him, and departed, leaving him half dead.
Jonah 1:1  Now the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
Daniel 2:3  And the king said unto them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was troubled to know the dream.
Ezekiel 36:26  A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh.
Isaiah 2:2  And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the LORD’S house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it.
2 Samuel 2:3  And his men that were with him did David bring up, every man with his household: and they dwelt in the cities of Hebron.
Titus 1:6  If any be blameless, the husband of one wife, having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly.
1 Timothy 6:10  For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.
1 Corinthians 12:1  Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant.
Romans 8:19  For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God.
Acts 20:29  For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.
John 4:21  Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father.
John 2:12  After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brethren, and his disciples: and they continued there not many days.
Luke 2:10  And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.
Luke 1:39  And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda;
Luke 1:31  And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS.
Mark 16:19  So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.
Matthew 26:28  For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.
Matthew 25:35  For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:
Ezekiel 18:4  Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die.
Jeremiah 6:16  Thus saith the LORD, Stand ye in the ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your souls. But they said, We will not walk therein.
Proverbs 9:10  The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.
Ruth 1:16  And Ruth said, Intreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:
Acts 17:19  And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?
John 19:25  Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother’s sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.
John 10:22  And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter.
Luke 21:24  And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled.
Luke 19:28  And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem.
Mark 14:22  And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and brake it, and gave to them, and said, Take, eat: this is my body.
Mark 8:31  And he began to teach them, that the Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders, and of the chief priests, and scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again.
Matthew 19:26  But Jesus beheld them, and said unto them, With men this is impossible; but with God all things are possible.
Matthew 6:6  But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.
Psalms 91:1  He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Exodus 21:7  And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do.
Revelation 2:10  Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.
1 Peter 2:11  Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;
2 Corinthians 3:17  Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
Acts 17:16  Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry.
Acts 3:5  And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.
Luke 11:2  And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth.
Matthew 24:30  And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.
Psalms 51:10  Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me.
1 Thessalonians 5:21  Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.
Ephesians 6:5  Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;
Romans 3:22  Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:
John 5:21  For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will.
Mark 4:5  And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had no depth of earth:
Matthew 2:3  When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him.
Psalms 119:11  Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee.
3 John 1:4  I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth.
2 Peter 1:9  But he that lacketh these things is blind, and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins.
Titus 1:1  Paul, a servant of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, according to the faith of God’s elect, and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness;
Philippians 3:8  Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ,
2 Corinthians 4:16  For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day.
1 Corinthians 1:30  But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:
Acts 11:18  When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life.
John 4:2  (Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,)
Daniel 12:4  But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased.
Jeremiah 1:3  It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month.
Genesis 9:6  Whoso sheddeth man’s blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.
1 Peter 4:12  Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you:
James 2:26  For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.
Hebrews 10:23  Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)
1 Thessalonians 5:16  Rejoice evermore.
Galatians 2:11  But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed.
Acts 5:7  And it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not knowing what was done, came in.
1 John 2:28  And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming.
Romans 8:34  Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.
Acts 4:1  And as they spake unto the people, the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees, came upon them,
Mark 8:9  And they that had eaten were about four thousand: and he sent them away.
Matthew 5:5  Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.
Genesis 1:18  And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.
Revelation 13:16  And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
Titus 2:1  But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine:
2 Thessalonians 2:13  But we are bound to give thanks alway to God for you, brethren beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth:
Romans 16:1  I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:
Acts 2:39  For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.
Luke 1:20  And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.
Matthew 23:37  O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!
Matthew 21:1  And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples,
Matthew 18:1  At the same time came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?
Matthew 6:10  Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.
Job 1:21  And said, Naked came I out of my mother’s womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LORD gave, and the LORD hath taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD.
Exodus 20:11  For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.
Revelation 21:3  And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.
Jude 1:3  Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints.
2 Peter 1:1  Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ:
Acts 10:12  Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.
Luke 3:22  And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased.
Isaiah 40:28  Hast thou not known? hast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? there is no searching of his understanding.
Isaiah 1:6  From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment.
Genesis 15:6  And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.
Hebrews 4:6  Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:
Hebrews 1:11  They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment;
Philippians 1:27  Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ: that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel;
Philippians 1:3  I thank my God upon every remembrance of you,
Acts 9:36  Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did.
Acts 2:33  Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.
John 1:19  And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?
Mark 7:24  And from thence he arose, and went into the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into an house, and would have no man know it: but he could not be hid.
Matthew 18:3  And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 16:27  For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works.
Isaiah 60:1  Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the LORD is risen upon thee.
Deuteronomy 18:10  There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch,
Revelation 20:12  And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
2 John 1:4  I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father.
1 Peter 2:13  Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord’s sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme;
1 Peter 1:22  Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently:
Hebrews 12:13  And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed.
1 Corinthians 8:9  But take heed lest by any means this liberty of yours become a stumblingblock to them that are weak.
Romans 8:32  He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?
Romans 8:3  For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:
Acts 7:51  Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.
Luke 12:48  But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.
Luke 7:8  For I also am a man set under authority, having under me soldiers, and I say unto one, Go, and he goeth; and to another, Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.
Luke 1:21  And the people waited for Zacharias, and marvelled that he tarried so long in the temple.
Mark 11:25  And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.
Jeremiah 1:8  Be not afraid of their faces: for I am with thee to deliver thee, saith the LORD.
1 Peter 5:5  Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
2 Corinthians 10:11  Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present.
1 Corinthians 12:14  For the body is not one member, but many.
Luke 1:68  Blessed be the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and redeemed his people,
Mark 12:41  And Jesus sat over against the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury: and many that were rich cast in much.
Mark 10:14  But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.
Mark 7:21  For from within, out of the heart of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders,
Isaiah 56:9  All ye beasts of the field, come to devour, yea, all ye beasts in the forest.
Isaiah 40:8  The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our God shall stand for ever.
Job 38:4  Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.
Genesis 49:10  The sceptre shall not depart from Judah, nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until Shiloh come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.
Revelation 19:20  And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
James 5:1  Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you.
Hebrews 5:6  As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
1 Corinthians 1:2  Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours:
Romans 9:1  I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost,
Romans 8:5  For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.
Acts 8:14  Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John:
John 20:24  But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came.
John 12:48  He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.
John 1:35  Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples;
John 1:22  Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What sayest thou of thyself?
Mark 8:38  Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.
Matthew 10:1  And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.
Matthew 3:5  Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the region round about Jordan,
Daniel 9:11  Yea, all Israel have transgressed thy law, even by departing, that they might not obey thy voice; therefore the curse is poured upon us, and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God, because we have sinned against him.
Isaiah 2:4  And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
Deuteronomy 6:6  And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart:
Genesis 3:8  And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.
1 John 5:3  For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.
Hebrews 13:15  By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.
Colossians 1:12  Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:
Ephesians 5:3  But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;
Ephesians 1:17  That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him:
1 Corinthians 15:20  But now is Christ risen from the dead, and become the firstfruits of them that slept.
Acts 11:12  And the spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man’s house:
Jeremiah 1:6  Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child.
Romans 3:28  Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.
Romans 1:15  So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also.
John 19:28  After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst.
John 4:3  He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee.
Luke 10:14  But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment, than for you.
Mark 11:22  And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God.
Amos 3:3  Can two walk together, except they be agreed?
Daniel 9:26  And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, and unto the end of the war desolations are determined.
Psalms 90:2  Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou art God.
Deuteronomy 4:5  Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments, even as the LORD my God commanded me, that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess it.
James 4:13  Go to now, ye that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain:
Acts 18:1  After these things Paul departed from Athens, and came to Corinth;
Matthew 6:21  For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Matthew 4:19  And he saith unto them, Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men.
Matthew 1:9  And Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;
Isaiah 6:8  Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me.
2 Kings 2:3  And the sons of the prophets that were at Bethel came forth to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he said, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.
Genesis 2:2  And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
Philemon 1:2  And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:
Colossians 1:21  And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled
1 Corinthians 7:1  Now concerning the things whereof ye wrote unto me: It is good for a man not to touch a woman.
Acts 12:1  Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church.
Acts 4:13  Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.
Luke 2:14  Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
Mark 11:1  And when they came nigh to Jerusalem, unto Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sendeth forth two of his disciples,
Mark 6:30  And the apostles gathered themselves together unto Jesus, and told him all things, both what they had done, and what they had taught.
Mark 1:35  And in the morning, rising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed.
Matthew 20:1  For the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which went out early in the morning to hire labourers into his vineyard.
Joel 2:32  And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the LORD hath said, and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call.
Isaiah 1:8  And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city.
Deuteronomy 18:15  The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;
Exodus 34:6  And the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth,
Genesis 18:1  And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day;
Philippians 4:7  And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
Philippians 1:9  And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment;
1 Corinthians 10:1  Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;
Romans 10:10  For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.
John 3:30  He must increase, but I must decrease.
John 1:25  And they asked him, and said unto him, Why baptizest thou then, if thou be not that Christ, nor Elias, neither that prophet?
Luke 1:16  And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God.
Mark 4:1  And he began again to teach by the sea side: and there was gathered unto him a great multitude, so that he entered into a ship, and sat in the sea; and the whole multitude was by the sea on the land.
Mark 1:21  And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught.
Matthew 1:20  But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.
Revelation 21:22  And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.
Hebrews 10:1  For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect.
Ephesians 4:14  That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;
Ephesians 4:13  Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ:
Ephesians 4:3  Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
1 Corinthians 15:58  Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.
Acts 3:21  Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began.
Luke 15:16  And he would fain have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat: and no man gave unto him.
Mark 1:40  And there came a leper to him, beseeching him, and kneeling down to him, and saying unto him, If thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
Isaiah 52:13  Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high.
Exodus 20:5  Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;
Jude 1:5  I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.
2 Peter 1:16  For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty.
2 Corinthians 5:14  For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:
Romans 14:10  But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.
Romans 4:25  Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification.
Romans 1:4  And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:
John 3:20  For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
Matthew 19:20  The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?
Matthew 10:8  Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.
Matthew 5:23  Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee;
Isaiah 58:6  Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?
Exodus 20:7  Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.
Genesis 3:19  In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.
1 Peter 3:8  Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous:
James 2:4  Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts?
Hebrews 6:7  For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God:
2 Thessalonians 2:1  Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him,
Galatians 6:14  But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world.
Galatians 5:8  This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.
Galatians 5:6  For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.
Mark 1:4  John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.
Isaiah 9:11  Therefore the LORD shall set up the adversaries of Rezin against him, and join his enemies together;
Ruth 1:1  Now it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled, that there was a famine in the land. And a certain man of Bethlehemjudah went to sojourn in the country of Moab, he, and his wife, and his two sons.
Genesis 3:4  And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die:
Revelation 1:3  Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
1 John 3:18  My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth.
2 Timothy 1:4  Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy;
Colossians 3:15  And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body; and be ye thankful.
Galatians 6:10  As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.
2 Corinthians 10:5  Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;
Romans 3:6  God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?
John 8:34  Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin.
Matthew 24:4  And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you.
Matthew 16:21  From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.
Psalms 2:7  I will declare the decree: the LORD hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee.
Revelation 20:14  And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.
2 Timothy 1:12  For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.
1 Thessalonians 4:3  For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should abstain from fornication:
1 Corinthians 13:13  And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
Romans 5:10  For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.
Acts 19:20  So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.
Acts 15:17  That the residue of men might seek after the Lord, and all the Gentiles, upon whom my name is called, saith the Lord, who doeth all these things.
John 18:1  When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples.
John 10:14  I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine.
Luke 16:18  Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery.
Amos 9:11  In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof; and I will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old:
Lamentations 3:22  It is of the LORD’S mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not.
1 Kings 2:3  And keep the charge of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of Moses, that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest, and whithersoever thou turnest thyself:
Revelation 18:4  And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.
1 Thessalonians 1:4  Knowing, brethren beloved, your election of God.
Romans 7:7  What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet.
Acts 24:15  And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.
Acts 16:25  And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.
John 7:17  If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.
John 5:6  When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?
Luke 10:18  And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.
Hosea 1:2  The beginning of the word of the LORD by Hosea. And the LORD said to Hosea, Go, take unto thee a wife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms: for the land hath committed great whoredom, departing from the LORD.
Psalms 19:14  Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer.
Exodus 20:17  Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour’s house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour’s wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour’s.
Genesis 9:1  And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.
Revelation 13:18  Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.
1 John 5:19  And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.
1 Thessalonians 2:13  For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe.
Philippians 3:7  But what things were gain to me, those I counted loss for Christ.
Romans 8:6  For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.
Luke 2:22  And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;
Jeremiah 23:5  Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will raise unto David a righteous Branch, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute judgment and justice in the earth.
Proverbs 17:22  A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken spirit drieth the bones.
Psalms 139:14  I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.
1 Peter 4:6  For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.
Hebrews 12:5  And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him:
Titus 2:12  Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;
Ephesians 4:6  One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all.
Ephesians 4:5  One Lord, one faith, one baptism,
Ephesians 2:14  For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;
2 Corinthians 11:12  But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we.
2 Corinthians 5:19  To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.
Luke 3:16  John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:
Mark 9:1  And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power.
Matthew 13:1  The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side.
Matthew 5:10  Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Jeremiah 29:13  And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.
Psalms 23:4  Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
Psalms 16:11  Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore.
3 John 1:11  Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God.
Acts 8:37  And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
Matthew 26:39  And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.
Matthew 16:19  And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Matthew 9:37  Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;
Matthew 4:23  And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people.
Isaiah 8:20  To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them.
Isaiah 5:20  Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!
Ecclesiastes 12:13  Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.
Psalms 127:1  Except the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain.
Exodus 15:26  And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.
Genesis 14:18  And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and he was the priest of the most high God.
Revelation 19:7  Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.
1 John 2:19  They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us.
Hebrews 9:11  But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;
1 Timothy 6:6  But godliness with contentment is great gain.
2 Thessalonians 1:4  So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure:
Colossians 1:1  Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother,
2 Corinthians 7:8  For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent: for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.
John 6:10  And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand.
John 5:2  Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.
John 2:23  Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did.
Matthew 5:31  It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement:
Matthew 2:13  And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him.
Jeremiah 31:3  The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee.
Exodus 21:22  If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman’s husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine.
1 John 5:20  And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.
Philippians 1:10  That ye may approve things that are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ;
Ephesians 3:16  That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;
Ephesians 3:1  For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,
Galatians 1:7  Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ.
1 Corinthians 8:6  But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him.
Romans 14:17  For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.
Acts 1:2  Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen:
John 15:10  If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father’s commandments, and abide in his love.
Luke 18:13  And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner.
Luke 8:26  And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee.
Mark 1:20  And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him.
Matthew 13:44  Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field.
Micah 4:1  But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it.
Isaiah 53:1  Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?
Song of Solomon 1:2  Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine.
Genesis 3:14  And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life:
2 Peter 3:3  Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts,
1 Peter 1:15  But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;
Hebrews 2:3  How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him;
Titus 3:10  A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;
1 Thessalonians 5:18  In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.
Colossians 2:14  Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross;
Romans 6:16  Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?
John 7:24  Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.
John 4:34  Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.
Luke 22:20  Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood, which is shed for you.
Proverbs 6:16  These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him:
Revelation 12:1  And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:
James 1:21  Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.
Hebrews 11:13  These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth.
Hebrews 3:1  Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;
Galatians 3:10  For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them.
1 Timothy 2:4  Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.
2 Corinthians 5:1  For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.
Romans 6:14  For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace.
Mark 1:29  And forthwith, when they were come out of the synagogue, they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew, with James and John.
Matthew 9:35  And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.
Matthew 4:17  From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Matthew 1:14  And Azor begat Sadoc; and Sadoc begat Achim; and Achim begat Eliud;
Jeremiah 2:3  Israel was holiness unto the LORD, and the firstfruits of his increase: all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them, saith the LORD.
Psalms 139:7  Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence?
Job 26:7  He stretcheth out the north over the empty place, and hangeth the earth upon nothing.
Exodus 35:2  Six days shall work be done, but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day, a sabbath of rest to the LORD: whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death.
Exodus 20:21  And the people stood afar off, and Moses drew near unto the thick darkness where God was.
1 John 1:6  If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth:
1 Peter 3:6  Even as Sarah obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as long as ye do well, and are not afraid with any amazement.
James 2:24  Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only.
Ephesians 5:8  For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:
1 Corinthians 11:3  But I would have you know, that the head of every man is Christ; and the head of the woman is the man; and the head of Christ is God.
Acts 17:1  Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where was a synagogue of the Jews:
John 17:6  I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word.
John 12:20  And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:
John 11:35  Jesus wept.
Luke 21:20  And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh.
Luke 17:21  Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you.
Luke 6:17  And he came down with them, and stood in the plain, and the company of his disciples, and a great multitude of people out of all Judaea and Jerusalem, and from the sea coast of Tyre and Sidon, which came to hear him, and to be healed of their diseases;
Mark 1:8  I indeed have baptized you with water: but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost.
Matthew 24:1  And Jesus went out, and departed from the temple: and his disciples came to him for to shew him the buildings of the temple.
Matthew 22:1  And Jesus answered and spake unto them again by parables, and said,
Zephaniah 3:17  The LORD thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing.
Proverbs 1:4  To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion.
Joshua 1:4  From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast.
Genesis 1:20  And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.
Revelation 22:1  And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.
James 4:14  Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away.
Titus 2:4  That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children,
2 Timothy 3:14  But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them;
2 Corinthians 12:7  And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.
Romans 10:1  Brethren, my heart’s desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.
Romans 1:25  Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
Acts 6:7  And the word of God increased; and the number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly; and a great company of the priests were obedient to the faith.
John 18:37  Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice.
John 17:15  I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil.
Matthew 6:7  But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.
Romans 16:25  Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world began,
Hosea 6:6  For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.
Psalms 119:9  Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed thereto according to thy word.
Job 38:1  Then the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
Revelation 12:11  And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death.
Revelation 1:10  I was in the Spirit on the Lord’s day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,
Hebrews 5:12  For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.
Ephesians 4:31  Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:
Ephesians 1:20  Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,
Romans 8:2  For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.
Romans 4:5  But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.
Acts 1:12  Then returned they unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is from Jerusalem a sabbath day’s journey.
John 1:26  John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not;
Luke 22:14  And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him.
Luke 1:28  And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.
Mark 16:18  They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
Mark 6:1  And he went out from thence, and came into his own country; and his disciples follow him.
Matthew 22:34  But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together.
Joel 2:1  Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the LORD cometh, for it is nigh at hand;
Jeremiah 17:5  Thus saith the LORD; Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD.
Proverbs 28:13  He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy.
Psalms 51:1  Have mercy upon me, O God, according to thy lovingkindness: according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions.
Ezra 1:1  Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
Genesis 19:1  And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground;
Revelation 13:8  And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.
1 Peter 1:6  Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations:
James 1:6  But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
Hebrews 13:20  Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant,
Hebrews 13:2  Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.
Hebrews 12:22  But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,
Hebrews 11:8  By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went.
Philippians 2:10  That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;
Ephesians 3:5  Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;
1 Corinthians 5:8  Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.
Acts 4:10  Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole.
John 10:34  Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?
John 4:6  Now Jacob’s well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour.
Luke 19:11  And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear.
Luke 17:26  And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.
Mark 11:23  For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.
Mark 1:18  And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him.
Zechariah 4:6  Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the LORD unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the LORD of hosts.
Joel 2:12  Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:
Isaiah 52:7  How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!
Genesis 12:2  And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:
Revelation 3:10  Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth.
2 Peter 3:13  Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.
1 Timothy 3:2  A bishop then must be blameless, the husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to teach;
2 Corinthians 7:1  Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.
Romans 11:1  I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.
Romans 4:1  What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to the flesh, hath found?
Acts 17:2  And Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them, and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures,
Acts 7:55  But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God,
Acts 5:12  And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people; (and they were all with one accord in Solomon’s porch.
John 6:29  Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent.
John 4:5  Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph.
Ezekiel 37:1  The hand of the LORD was upon me, and carried me out in the spirit of the LORD, and set me down in the midst of the valley which was full of bones,
Psalms 111:10  The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do his commandments: his praise endureth for ever.
1 John 5:12  He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
Ephesians 1:5  Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,
2 Corinthians 11:14  And no marvel; for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light.
2 Corinthians 5:7  (For we walk by faith, not by sight:)
1 Corinthians 6:7  Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you, because ye go to law one with another. Why do ye not rather take wrong? why do ye not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded?
John 8:7  So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.
John 1:24  And they which were sent were of the Pharisees.
Luke 24:25  Then he said unto them, O fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken:
Luke 17:18  There are not found that returned to give glory to God, save this stranger.
Matthew 22:39  And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Matthew 19:3  The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?
Matthew 12:1  At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples were an hungred, and began to pluck the ears of corn, and to eat.
Matthew 5:11  Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.
Zechariah 1:2  The LORD hath been sore displeased with your fathers.
Psalms 8:3  When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained;
Genesis 6:4  There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.
Revelation 4:1  After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come up hither, and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter.
2 Peter 1:17  For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
1 Timothy 1:4  Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do.
Colossians 3:13  Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye.
2 Corinthians 5:20  Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ’s stead, be ye reconciled to God.
1 Corinthians 13:12  For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.
Romans 8:13  For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.
Acts 8:9  But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one:
John 2:17  And his disciples remembered that it was written, The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up.
Luke 19:41  And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,
Luke 4:7  If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.
Luke 1:30  And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God.
Mark 10:2  And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? tempting him.
Job 1:11  But put forth thine hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face.
Revelation 1:18  I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.
1 Peter 5:6  Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:
1 Timothy 2:12  But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.
Romans 8:23  And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.
Romans 1:28  And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;
Acts 16:1  Then came he to Derbe and Lystra: and, behold, a certain disciple was there, named Timotheus, the son of a certain woman, which was a Jewess, and believed; but his father was a Greek:
Acts 11:19  Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only.
John 12:12  On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,
John 3:11  Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
Luke 10:17  And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name.
Mark 10:11  And he saith unto them, Whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, committeth adultery against her.
Matthew 12:36  But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.
Isaiah 53:7  He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he openeth not his mouth.
Proverbs 16:3  Commit thy works unto the LORD, and thy thoughts shall be established.
Revelation 6:12  And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood;
1 John 3:17  But whoso hath this world’s good, and seeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?
1 John 2:6  He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked.
1 Peter 1:21  Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.
Colossians 1:14  In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:
Philippians 3:14  I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
Ephesians 6:13  Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
Acts 10:47  Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?
Acts 7:10  And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favour and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house.
Acts 4:31  And when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together; and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness.
Luke 16:22  And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham’s bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;
Luke 2:21  And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb.
Mark 14:1  After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death.
Mark 10:35  And James and John, the sons of Zebedee, come unto him, saying, Master, we would that thou shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire.
Proverbs 16:9  A man’s heart deviseth his way: but the LORD directeth his steps.
James 2:8  If ye fulfil the royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself, ye do well:
1 Timothy 4:5  For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.
2 Corinthians 4:7  But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us.
Romans 3:4  God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.
John 16:23  And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.
Matthew 5:4  Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.
Jeremiah 31:33  But this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people.
Isaiah 45:7  I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things.
Psalms 139:23  Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts:
2 Chronicles 2:3  And Solomon sent to Huram the king of Tyre, saying, As thou didst deal with David my father, and didst send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me.
1 Corinthians 14:34  Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law.
Acts 11:1  And the apostles and brethren that were in Judaea heard that the Gentiles had also received the word of God.
John 5:25  Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live.
Luke 22:36  Then said he unto them, But now, he that hath a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one.
Mark 1:2  As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.
Matthew 23:1  Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples,
Matthew 11:29  Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.
Matthew 10:29  Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.
Matthew 4:18  And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
Isaiah 40:22  It is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain, and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in:
Job 1:10  Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side? thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land.
2 Kings 5:1  Now Naaman, captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master, and honourable, because by him the LORD had given deliverance unto Syria: he was also a mighty man in valour, but he was a leper.
James 3:17  But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.
1 Timothy 6:8  And having food and raiment let us be therewith content.
Ephesians 6:9  And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.
2 Corinthians 13:5  Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except ye be reprobates?
2 Corinthians 8:1  Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia;
Romans 11:36  For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.
Luke 21:34  And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares.
Luke 2:7  And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.
Matthew 15:16  And Jesus said, Are ye also yet without understanding?
Matthew 10:5  These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:
Matthew 8:5  And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion, beseeching him,
Matthew 4:10  Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.
Proverbs 16:18  Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.
Job 38:7  When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?
Exodus 12:1  And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt, saying,
2 Peter 1:15  Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance.
2 Thessalonians 1:5  Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God, for which ye also suffer:
Ephesians 1:15  Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints,
Romans 12:12  Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;
Romans 7:1  Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?
Romans 6:11  Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Acts 20:27  For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God.
Acts 5:31  Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins.
Acts 2:24  Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it.
John 19:26  When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!
John 13:31  Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.
Luke 6:35  But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.
Isaiah 6:3  And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory.
1 Chronicles 2:3  The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.
Genesis 1:4  And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.
3 John 1:5  Beloved, thou doest faithfully whatsoever thou doest to the brethren, and to strangers;
2 John 1:5  And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.
Hebrews 12:18  For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,
Hebrews 9:28  So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation.
Titus 1:11  Whose mouths must be stopped, who subvert whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for filthy lucre’s sake.
2 Timothy 1:9  Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,
1 Corinthians 11:1  Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:11  For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.
Romans 15:1  We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves.
Romans 12:18  If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.
Romans 11:26  And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
Romans 8:22  For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.
Acts 15:28  For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things;
Acts 9:15  But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel:
Acts 4:19  But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.
Luke 7:1  Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum.
Matthew 7:16  Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?
Isaiah 1:7  Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.
1 Kings 8:9  There was nothing in the ark save the two tables of stone, which Moses put there at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of the land of Egypt.
1 John 3:9  Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin; for his seed remaineth in him: and he cannot sin, because he is born of God.
Hebrews 7:8  And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth.
2 Corinthians 10:12  For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.
1 Corinthians 2:10  But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.
Romans 12:17  Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.
Romans 12:5  So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.
Acts 4:7  And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?
John 6:39  And this is the Father’s will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day.
Luke 17:3  Take heed to yourselves: If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him.
Luke 2:25  And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name was Simeon; and the same man was just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.
Luke 1:2  Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word;
Mark 14:3  And being in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spikenard very precious; and she brake the box, and poured it on his head.
Matthew 24:37  But as the days of Noe were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Matthew 8:16  When the even was come, they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and healed all that were sick:
Psalms 22:1  My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?
Genesis 50:20  But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.
Genesis 3:5  For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.
Revelation 2:1  Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks;
Revelation 1:14  His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;
1 John 2:16  For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world.
Hebrews 13:7  Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God: whose faith follow, considering the end of their conversation.
Hebrews 11:14  For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country.
Colossians 3:9  Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds;
2 Corinthians 10:3  For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh:
Romans 5:18  Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life.
Acts 18:24  And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus.
John 4:35  Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest.
Luke 12:16  And he spake a parable unto them, saying, The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully:
Mark 5:21  And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side, much people gathered unto him: and he was nigh unto the sea.
Matthew 9:9  And as Jesus passed forth from thence, he saw a man, named Matthew, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he saith unto him, Follow me. And he arose, and followed him.
Amos 7:17  Therefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city, and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and Israel shall surely go into captivity forth of his land.
Revelation 6:7  And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see.
2 John 1:6  And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the commandment, That, as ye have heard from the beginning, ye should walk in it.
Hebrews 10:10  By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.
Hebrews 1:14  Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?
1 Timothy 1:17  Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.
John 15:8  Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.
John 6:40  And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.
Mark 13:1  And as he went out of the temple, one of his disciples saith unto him, Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here!
Mark 12:14  And when they were come, they say unto him, Master, we know that thou art true, and carest for no man: for thou regardest not the person of men, but teachest the way of God in truth: Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not?
Matthew 25:26  His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:
Matthew 15:21  Then Jesus went thence, and departed into the coasts of Tyre and Sidon.
Job 1:2  And there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters.
Revelation 14:9  And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,
Revelation 7:8  Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.
3 John 1:6  Which have borne witness of thy charity before the church: whom if thou bring forward on their journey after a godly sort, thou shalt do well:
1 Peter 2:1  Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, and all evil speakings,
1 Peter 1:5  Who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time.
1 Timothy 5:6  But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.
Philippians 2:7  But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men:
Galatians 3:16  Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ.
Acts 6:8  And Stephen, full of faith and power, did great wonders and miracles among the people.
Acts 6:3  Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.
Acts 3:22  For Moses truly said unto the fathers, A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you.
John 14:10  Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works.
John 10:7  Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.
John 1:31  And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water.
Luke 16:10  He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much.
Mark 7:6  He answered and said unto them, Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.
Mark 6:7  And he called unto him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean spirits;
Matthew 24:27  For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Matthew 7:22  Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?
Psalms 42:1  As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.
Psalms 12:6  The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.
Exodus 22:18  Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
Revelation 20:7  And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison,
1 John 2:20  But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things.
2 Timothy 2:22  Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart.
Ephesians 1:18  The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints,
1 Corinthians 12:7  But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal.
Romans 14:5  One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.
Acts 2:16  But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;
John 19:34  But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.
John 6:27  Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed.
John 2:5  His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it.
John 1:28  These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing.
Mark 1:10  And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:
Matthew 12:40  For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale’s belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.
Zephaniah 1:2  I will utterly consume all things from off the land, saith the LORD.
Micah 5:6  And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders.
Isaiah 5:6  And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there shall come up briers and thorns: I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain upon it.
Proverbs 15:1  A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.
Psalms 118:24  This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.
1 Samuel 1:4  And when the time was that Elkanah offered, he gave to Peninnah his wife, and to all her sons and her daughters, portions:
Genesis 2:8  And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.
1 Timothy 5:8  But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.
Philippians 1:13  So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace, and in all other places;
Galatians 3:24  Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith.
1 Corinthians 13:8  Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away.
1 Corinthians 6:18  Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.
Romans 13:11  And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed.
Acts 5:8  And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much? And she said, Yea, for so much.
John 20:29  Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.
John 2:11  This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him.
Luke 12:35  Let your loins be girded about, and your lights burning;
Luke 1:34  Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?
Mark 13:14  But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains:
Matthew 7:6  Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.
Matthew 5:32  But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery.
Isaiah 7:8  For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people.
2 Peter 3:16  As also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction.
2 Peter 1:2  Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord,
1 Corinthians 9:19  For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that I might gain the more.
Romans 12:21  Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.
Romans 9:16  So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.
Acts 8:4  Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word.
Acts 13:14  But when they departed from Perga, they came to Antioch in Pisidia, and went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down.
John 3:10  Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?
Luke 24:45  Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures,
Luke 18:27  And he said, The things which are impossible with men are possible with God.
Luke 9:18  And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am?
Mark 14:12  And the first day of unleavened bread, when they killed the passover, his disciples said unto him, Where wilt thou that we go and prepare that thou mayest eat the passover?
Matthew 1:15  And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;
Psalms 34:8  O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Exodus 1:4  Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
Genesis 1:6  And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
Revelation 14:1  And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father’s name written in their foreheads.
3 John 1:13  I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee:
1 Peter 4:8  And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins.
Hebrews 9:24  For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:
Hebrews 2:10  For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings.
Titus 1:7  For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre;
1 Timothy 5:17  Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.
Philippians 3:6  Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.
John 8:11  She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.
John 4:12  Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle?
John 3:34  For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God: for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him.
Luke 21:36  Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man.
Mark 15:1  And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whole council, and bound Jesus, and carried him away, and delivered him to Pilate.
Mark 10:1  And he arose from thence, and cometh into the coasts of Judaea by the farther side of Jordan: and the people resort unto him again; and, as he was wont, he taught them again.
Mark 9:38  And John answered him, saying, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and he followeth not us: and we forbad him, because he followeth not us.
Habakkuk 1:2  O LORD, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save!
Isaiah 53:10  Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand.
Isaiah 46:9  Remember the former things of old: for I am God, and there is none else; I am God, and there is none like me,
1 John 2:22  Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son.
Hebrews 1:6  And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him.
1 Timothy 6:17  Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;
2 Thessalonians 1:7  And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,
Colossians 2:11  In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ:
John 10:17  Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.
John 6:38  For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me.
Luke 16:16  The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it.
Luke 16:13  No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
Luke 12:22  And he said unto his disciples, Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on.
Luke 10:21  In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes: even so, Father; for so it seemed good in thy sight.
Mark 1:16  Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
Isaiah 55:10  For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater:
Deuteronomy 10:20  Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God; him shalt thou serve, and to him shalt thou cleave, and swear by his name.
Exodus 1:3  Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin,
Revelation 1:6  And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Hebrews 5:7  Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared;
Hebrews 3:13  But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.
2 Thessalonians 3:4  And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do and will do the things which we command you.
Colossians 1:20  And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven.
1 Corinthians 5:7  Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:
Romans 5:17  For if by one man’s offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)
Acts 2:32  This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.
John 14:8  Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.
Mark 14:16  And his disciples went forth, and came into the city, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover.
Mark 2:23  And it came to pass, that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of corn.
Matthew 9:36  But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.
Matthew 6:34  Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Proverbs 13:24  He that spareth his rod hateth his son: but he that loveth him chasteneth him betimes.
Deuteronomy 8:3  And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee with manna, which thou knewest not, neither did thy fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live.
Genesis 2:21  And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof;
Revelation 13:11  And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.
1 John 2:27  But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him.
1 Peter 1:17  And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man’s work, pass the time of your sojourning here in fear:
James 1:25  But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.
Philippians 2:8  And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.
Acts 7:59  And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.
John 20:11  But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre,
John 9:11  He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.
Luke 2:40  And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him.
Matthew 26:36  Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder.
Amos 5:21  I hate, I despise your feast days, and I will not smell in your solemn assemblies.
Joel 2:4  The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run.
Isaiah 1:9  Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as Sodom, and we should have been like unto Gomorrah.
Deuteronomy 4:2  Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you.
Genesis 6:3  And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
Genesis 5:1  This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him;
Genesis 1:24  And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.
James 4:2  Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.
Hebrews 8:10  For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:
2 Timothy 4:7  I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:
1 Thessalonians 3:4  For verily, when we were with you, we told you before that we should suffer tribulation; even as it came to pass, and ye know.
Ephesians 2:13  But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.
1 Corinthians 10:16  The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?
1 Corinthians 9:11  If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things?
1 Corinthians 3:1  And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ.
Romans 7:18  For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not.
Romans 2:28  For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:
John 4:22  Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews.
Luke 17:1  Then said he unto the disciples, It is impossible but that offences will come: but woe unto him, through whom they come!
Luke 5:27  And after these things he went forth, and saw a publican, named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom: and he said unto him, Follow me.
Mark 4:26  And he said, So is the kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground;
Matthew 15:1  Then came to Jesus scribes and Pharisees, which were of Jerusalem, saying,
Isaiah 29:13  Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:
Leviticus 27:30  And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the LORD’S: it is holy unto the LORD.
Revelation 7:1  And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.
Hebrews 2:17  Wherefore in all things it behoved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people.
2 Timothy 3:6  For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,
Colossians 3:6  For which things’ sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience:
Colossians 1:19  For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell;
2 Corinthians 11:3  But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.
2 Corinthians 4:6  For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 7:9  But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.
1 Corinthians 6:12  All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.
Acts 16:9  And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us.
John 21:25  And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen.
John 20:27  Then saith he to Thomas, reach hither thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and be not faithless, but believing.
John 7:1  After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him.
Luke 17:19  And he said unto him, Arise, go thy way: thy faith hath made thee whole.
John 1:16  And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace.
Luke 15:7  I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentance.
Mark 9:11  And they asked him, saying, Why say the scribes that Elias must first come?
Matthew 26:41  Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Psalms 138:2  I will worship toward thy holy temple, and praise thy name for thy lovingkindness and for thy truth: for thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name.
Leviticus 20:10  And the man that committeth adultery with another man’s wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour’s wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death.
Revelation 11:12  And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.
Hebrews 8:9  Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord.
Romans 7:15  For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I.
Romans 2:14  For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:
Acts 2:29  Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day.
Acts 1:19  And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood.
John 17:24  Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world.
John 7:53  And every man went unto his own house.
John 1:43  The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me.
Luke 22:24  And there was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest.
Mark 11:15  And they come to Jerusalem: and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves;
Mark 3:29  But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:
Matthew 22:21  They say unto him, Caesar’s. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar’s; and unto God the things that are God’s.
Song of Solomon 2:3  As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste.
Ecclesiastes 3:11  He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also he hath set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end.
Genesis 1:19  And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.
2 John 1:8  Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward.
James 1:26  If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man’s religion is vain.
Titus 3:6  Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;
Colossians 2:4  And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.
Romans 16:16  Salute one another with an holy kiss. The churches of Christ salute you.
Luke 10:2  Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest.
Luke 6:9  Then said Jesus unto them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful on the sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it?
Mark 3:1  And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand.
Matthew 18:18  Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Matthew 3:17  And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
Ecclesiastes 1:3  What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?
Proverbs 17:17  A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
Proverbs 3:9  Honour the LORD with thy substance, and with the firstfruits of all thine increase:
Genesis 1:9  And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.
3 John 1:7  Because that for his name’s sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.
Hebrews 1:12  And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail.
Ephesians 2:3  Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.
Galatians 1:12  For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.
2 Corinthians 6:7  By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,
Romans 12:14  Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.
Romans 8:12  Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.
Romans 1:5  By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:
Acts 17:20  For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears: we would know therefore what these things mean.
Acts 13:38  Be it known unto you therefore, men and brethren, that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins:
Acts 10:9  On the morrow, as they went on their journey, and drew nigh unto the city, Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour:
Luke 23:26  And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear it after Jesus.
Luke 18:20  Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honour thy father and thy mother.
Luke 8:22  Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said unto them, Let us go over unto the other side of the lake. And they launched forth.
Mark 12:1  And he began to speak unto them by parables. A certain man planted a vineyard, and set an hedge about it, and digged a place for the winefat, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country.
Mark 10:21  Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me.
Matthew 19:9  And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery.
Matthew 1:22  Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying,
Amos 3:4  Will a lion roar in the forest, when he hath no prey? will a young lion cry out of his den, if he have taken nothing?
1 Thessalonians 4:6  That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and testified.
Romans 6:12  Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof.
John 7:10  But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret.
John 5:10  The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.
Luke 23:33  And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.
Luke 16:23  And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.
Matthew 12:14  Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him.
Lamentations 3:4  My flesh and my skin hath he made old; he hath broken my bones.
Isaiah 43:2  When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee.
Job 28:28  And unto man he said, Behold, the fear of the Lord, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding.
Exodus 20:16  Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.
Genesis 18:19  For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the LORD, to do justice and judgment; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.
1 Thessalonians 5:7  For they that sleep sleep in the night; and they that be drunken are drunken in the night.
Ephesians 4:2  With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love;
Acts 13:39  And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses.
John 15:11  These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.
John 14:18  I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.
Luke 11:16  And others, tempting him, sought of him a sign from heaven.
Luke 1:15  For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother’s womb.
Matthew 21:12  And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves,
Malachi 4:1  For, behold, the day cometh, that shall burn as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith the LORD of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch.
Micah 6:7  Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?
Ezekiel 18:20  The soul that sinneth, it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him.
Proverbs 16:17  The highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth his soul.
Psalms 34:1  I will bless the LORD at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth.
Deuteronomy 30:15  See, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death and evil;
Genesis 28:10  And Jacob went out from Beer-sheba, and went toward Haran.
Revelation 21:2  And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.
Revelation 3:7  And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth;
3 John 1:10  Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church.
2 Peter 1:18  And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount.
1 Peter 4:7  But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer.
Philippians 4:10  But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity.
Philippians 2:4  Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.
Galatians 5:25  If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.
2 Corinthians 11:13  For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.
2 Corinthians 10:4  (For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;)
1 Corinthians 1:5  That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and in all knowledge;
Romans 1:7  To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
John 19:31  The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away.
John 9:4  I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.
Luke 18:8  I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?
Luke 1:17  And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.
Hosea 1:4  And the LORD said unto him, Call his name Jezreel; for yet a little while, and I will avenge the blood of Jezreel upon the house of Jehu, and will cause to cease the kingdom of the house of Israel.
Isaiah 45:18  For thus saith the LORD that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited: I am the LORD; and there is none else.
Psalms 32:1  Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.
Ezra 1:4  And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem.
Deuteronomy 29:29  The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law.
1 Peter 1:16  Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.
Hebrews 12:28  Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:
Hebrews 5:8  Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;
1 Corinthians 8:10  For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol’s temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;
Romans 9:5  Whose are the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen.
John 11:11  These things said he: and after that he saith unto them, Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go, that I may awake him out of sleep.
Luke 23:39  And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.
Matthew 25:21  His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.
Matthew 16:15  He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?
Proverbs 1:6  To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings.
Nehemiah 8:10  Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our Lord: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength.
Revelation 22:16  I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.
Revelation 20:6  Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
Revelation 2:7  He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God.
James 4:3  Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.
1 Thessalonians 1:6  And ye became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost:
Colossians 2:15  And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it.
Galatians 1:11  But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man.
1 Corinthians 15:22  For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.
1 Corinthians 4:1  Let a man so account of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God.
Acts 2:3  And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.
Acts 1:16  Men and brethren, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus.
Mark 1:19  And when he had gone a little farther thence, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets.
Matthew 12:31  Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.
Matthew 9:11  And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners?
Matthew 6:12  And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
Matthew 5:39  But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.
Habakkuk 2:4  Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.
Jonah 1:4  But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be broken.
Isaiah 53:12  Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because he hath poured out his soul unto death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors.
2 Samuel 7:8  Now therefore so shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel:
1 John 4:20  If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?
James 2:18  Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works.
1 Timothy 1:3  As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,
Galatians 1:1  Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;)
1 Corinthians 5:1  It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father’s wife.
Romans 1:22  Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,
Acts 15:36  And some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of the Lord, and see how they do.
John 15:14  Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you.
John 6:12  When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.
Mark 14:32  And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he saith to his disciples, Sit ye here, while I shall pray.
Mark 8:22  And he cometh to Bethsaida; and they bring a blind man unto him, and besought him to touch him.
Matthew 18:10  Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven.
Micah 1:2  Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the Lord GOD be witness against you, the Lord from his holy temple.
Obadiah 1:2  Behold, I have made thee small among the heathen: thou art greatly despised.
Joel 3:4  Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will ye render me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompence upon your own head;
Proverbs 4:7  Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding.
Proverbs 4:5  Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth.
James 5:19  Brethren, if any of you do err from the truth, and one convert him;
Hebrews 9:15  And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.
Hebrews 3:12  Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.
Titus 1:15  Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.
Acts 5:32  And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him.
John 10:29  My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father’s hand.
John 8:56  Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad.
John 3:12  If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
Luke 18:15  And they brought unto him also infants, that he would touch them: but when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them.
Luke 10:16  He that heareth you heareth me; and he that despiseth you despiseth me; and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me.
Luke 5:17  And it came to pass on a certain day, as he was teaching, that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judaea, and Jerusalem: and the power of the Lord was present to heal them.
Mark 14:36  And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt.
Matthew 6:16  Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
Daniel 8:14  And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed.
Isaiah 50:4  The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary: he wakeneth morning by morning, he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned.
Isaiah 9:1  Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her vexation, when at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, and afterward did more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, in Galilee of the nations.
Proverbs 3:1  My son, forget not my law; but let thine heart keep my commandments:
Psalms 100:1  Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all ye lands.
Psalms 32:8  I will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go: I will guide thee with mine eye.
2 Kings 2:11  And it came to pass, as they still went on, and talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot of fire, and horses of fire, and parted them both asunder; and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven.
Genesis 1:5  And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
Revelation 12:17  And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.
Galatians 3:23  But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed.
1 Corinthians 12:27  Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular.
John 17:23  I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me.
Luke 14:15  And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these things, he said unto him, Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God.
Luke 4:4  And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.
Mark 16:20  And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs following. Amen.
Mark 13:24  But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light,
Matthew 3:2  And saying, Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Psalms 119:89  For ever, O LORD, thy word is settled in heaven.
2 Kings 3:4  And Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool.
1 Samuel 1:11  And she vowed a vow, and said, O LORD of hosts, if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thine handmaid, and remember me, and not forget thine handmaid, but wilt give unto thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head.
Joshua 1:1  Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that the LORD spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses’ minister, saying,
Deuteronomy 13:1  If there arise among you a prophet, or a dreamer of dreams, and giveth thee a sign or a wonder,
Leviticus 25:44  Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids, which thou shalt have, shall be of the heathen that are round about you; of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids.
Genesis 15:18  In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of Egypt unto the great river, the river Euphrates:
Genesis 2:19  And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.
Revelation 14:15  And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the cloud, Thrust in thy sickle, and reap: for the time is come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.
3 John 1:14  But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name.
Hebrews 10:22  Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.
Hebrews 12:6  For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.
Hebrews 6:19  Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and stedfast, and which entereth into that within the veil;
Colossians 3:2  Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
Philippians 1:14  And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the word without fear.
2 Corinthians 2:14  Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place.
1 Corinthians 14:33  For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints.
1 Corinthians 2:12  Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.
Romans 10:4  For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.
Romans 7:24  O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?
Romans 5:19  For as by one man’s disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.
Acts 4:24  And when they heard that, they lifted up their voice to God with one accord, and said, Lord, thou art God, which hast made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all that in them is:
Acts 1:10  And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;
Luke 12:47  And that servant, which knew his lord’s will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.
Luke 2:36  And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;
Mark 15:40  There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;
Matthew 24:34  Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.
Matthew 12:34  O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.
Matthew 6:31  Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?
Malachi 2:3  Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung upon your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it.
Malachi 1:3  And I hated Esau, and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness.
Psalms 2:3  Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.
Psalms 1:2  But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law doth he meditate day and night.
Deuteronomy 18:9  When thou art come into the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not learn to do after the abominations of those nations.
Revelation 1:17  And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:
2 Peter 3:15  And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you;
2 Timothy 3:7  Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.
Colossians 1:17  And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.
Galatians 1:10  For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
1 Corinthians 16:1  Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do ye.
Acts 17:27  That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:
Acts 6:5  And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch:
John 19:17  And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:
John 3:21  But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.
Luke 24:32  And they said one to another, Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?
Luke 21:1  And he looked up, and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the treasury.
Mark 9:42  And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea.
Matthew 24:6  And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.
Isaiah 58:13  If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words:
Ecclesiastes 9:5  For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is forgotten.
Psalms 133:1  Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!
Psalms 16:10  For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.
Job 1:13  And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother’s house:
Deuteronomy 10:12  And now, Israel, what doth the LORD thy God require of thee, but to fear the LORD thy God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve the LORD thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul,
Genesis 3:7  And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.
3 John 1:8  We therefore ought to receive such, that we might be fellowhelpers to the truth.
1 John 3:14  We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.
1 Peter 4:1  Forasmuch then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind: for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin;
Philippians 1:23  For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better:
Ephesians 3:17  That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love,
1 Corinthians 15:45  And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit.
1 Corinthians 15:16  For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised:
1 Corinthians 1:1  Paul, called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother,
Romans 13:14  But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof.
Acts 15:22  Then pleased it the apostles and elders, with the whole church, to send chosen men of their own company to Antioch with Paul and Barnabas; namely, Judas surnamed Barsabas, and Silas, chief men among the brethren:
Acts 10:14  But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is common or unclean.
Acts 8:5  Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.
Acts 7:38  This is he, that was in the church in the wilderness with the angel which spake to him in the mount Sina, and with our fathers: who received the lively oracles to give unto us:
Acts 4:27  For of a truth against thy holy child Jesus, whom thou hast anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel, were gathered together,
Acts 3:6  Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.
Luke 22:39  And he came out, and went, as he was wont, to the mount of Olives; and his disciples also followed him.
Luke 12:4  And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body, and after that have no more that they can do.
Mark 12:13  And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words.
Mark 6:14  And king Herod heard of him; (for his name was spread abroad:) and he said, That John the Baptist was risen from the dead, and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.
Matthew 19:21  Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.
Matthew 13:31  Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field:
Matthew 6:13  And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.
Isaiah 57:15  For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy; I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones.
Isaiah 34:16  Seek ye out of the book of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered them.
1 John 5:16  If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for it.
1 John 4:2  Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:
2 Timothy 3:12  Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
Philippians 1:12  But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;
Galatians 1:14  And profited in the Jews’ religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers.
2 Corinthians 9:11  Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God.
Romans 9:6  Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are not all Israel, which are of Israel:
Acts 13:22  And when he had removed him, he raised up unto them David to be their king; to whom also he gave testimony, and said, I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfil all my will.
John 17:4  I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.
Luke 12:1  In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.
Mark 3:13  And he goeth up into a mountain, and calleth unto him whom he would: and they came unto him.
Mark 1:12  And immediately the Spirit driveth him into the wilderness.
Isaiah 1:12  When ye come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand, to tread my courts?
Matthew 19:17  And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.
Psalms 121:1  I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help.
Deuteronomy 24:1  When a man hath taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favour in his eyes, because he hath found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill of divorcement, and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house.
2 John 1:13  The children of thy elect sister greet thee. Amen.
2 John 1:11  For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
1 Peter 2:22  Who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth:
Hebrews 8:6  But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant, which was established upon better promises.
Colossians 3:8  But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.
Ephesians 2:6  And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:
1 Corinthians 14:1  Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy.
Romans 15:17  I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God.
Acts 12:13  And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda.
Acts 4:23  And being let go, they went to their own company, and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said unto them.
John 19:1  Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him.
John 14:30  Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me.
John 5:29  And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.
Luke 21:28  And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh.
Luke 14:28  For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?
Luke 6:45  A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh.
Mark 3:31  There came then his brethren and his mother, and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.
Mark 2:5  When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.
Matthew 27:45  Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour.
Matthew 24:42  Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come.
Revelation 17:1  And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:
1 John 3:5  And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin.
1 Peter 5:2  Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind;
James 5:12  But above all things, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation.
James 2:5  Hearken, my beloved brethren, Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him?
2 Corinthians 6:2  (For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)
1 Corinthians 15:24  Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power.
1 Corinthians 15:12  Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead?
1 Corinthians 12:28  And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.
Romans 14:23  And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith: for whatsoever is not of faith is sin.
John 15:19  If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.
John 6:28  Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?
John 4:17  The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband:
John 4:11  The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?
Luke 21:33  Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Luke 17:5  And the apostles said unto the Lord, Increase our faith.
Luke 11:5  And he said unto them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him at midnight, and say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves;
Luke 6:1  And it came to pass on the second sabbath after the first, that he went through the corn fields; and his disciples plucked the ears of corn, and did eat, rubbing them in their hands.
Mark 2:17  When Jesus heard it, he saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Matthew 16:17  And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 7:3  And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother’s eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?
Malachi 4:2  But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall.
Daniel 12:3  And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.
Daniel 1:1  In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah came Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon unto Jerusalem, and besieged it.
Isaiah 14:15  Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit.
Psalms 27:14  Wait on the LORD: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the LORD.
2 Samuel 1:4  And David said unto him, How went the matter? I pray thee, tell me. And he answered, That the people are fled from the battle, and many of the people also are fallen and dead; and Saul and Jonathan his son are dead also.
2 Peter 1:10  Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall:
Hebrews 9:12  Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.
Hebrews 4:1  Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.
1 Timothy 2:8  I will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.
1 Timothy 1:12  And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;
Ephesians 4:28  Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth.
Ephesians 4:8  Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.
Ephesians 2:5  Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)
Ephesians 1:6  To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.
Galatians 4:7  Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.
1 Corinthians 11:2  Now I praise you, brethren, that ye remember me in all things, and keep the ordinances, as I delivered them to you.
1 Corinthians 6:11  And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God.
Romans 3:1  What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit is there of circumcision?
Luke 14:33  So likewise, whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.
Mark 16:14  Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.
Mark 12:31  And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these.
Mark 9:14  And when he came to his disciples, he saw a great multitude about them, and the scribes questioning with them.
Mark 8:10  And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples, and came into the parts of Dalmanutha.
Matthew 5:20  For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:19  Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.
Daniel 3:4  Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages,
Isaiah 42:8  I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.
Ruth 1:3  And Elimelech Naomi’s husband died; and she was left, and her two sons.
Deuteronomy 32:4  He is the Rock, his work is perfect: for all his ways are judgment: a God of truth and without iniquity, just and right is he.
Deuteronomy 22:5  The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman’s garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.
Revelation 22:14  Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
Revelation 22:20  He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.
Revelation 14:16  And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped.
James 2:20  But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?
1 Thessalonians 5:11  Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do.
Colossians 4:5  Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.
Philippians 2:14  Do all things without murmurings and disputings:
Ephesians 4:24  And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.
1 Corinthians 2:1  And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.
Romans 5:20  Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:
Acts 9:31  Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied.
John 20:23  Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained.
Luke 10:20  Notwithstanding in this rejoice not, that the spirits are subject unto you; but rather rejoice, because your names are written in heaven.
Luke 7:9  When Jesus heard these things, he marvelled at him, and turned him about, and said unto the people that followed him, I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.
Luke 1:22  And when he came out, he could not speak unto them: and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless.
Mark 10:27  And Jesus looking upon them saith, With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.
Mark 4:6  But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away.
Matthew 18:6  But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea.
Matthew 5:29  And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.
Proverbs 31:30  Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.
Proverbs 8:9  They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge.
Job 33:4  The Spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life.
Job 5:6  Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust, neither doth trouble spring out of the ground;
Nehemiah 1:3  And they said unto me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in great affliction and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also is broken down, and the gates thereof are burned with fire.
Genesis 5:6  And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:
Hebrews 3:7  Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice,
1 Timothy 1:6  From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;
2 Thessalonians 3:6  Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us.
Ephesians 5:2  And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.
2 Corinthians 7:10  For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.
1 Corinthians 8:1  Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth.
Acts 2:27  Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.
John 14:7  If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him.
Luke 24:50  And he led them out as far as to Bethany, and he lifted up his hands, and blessed them.
Luke 13:15  The Lord then answered him, and said, Thou hypocrite, doth not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall, and lead him away to watering?
Luke 2:5  To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child.
Mark 11:12  And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry:
Matthew 11:12  And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force.
Matthew 5:33  Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths:
Daniel 7:8  I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things.
Isaiah 45:5  I am the LORD, and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou hast not known me:
Isaiah 11:2  And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD;
Proverbs 3:6  In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Psalms 91:11  For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways.
Psalms 27:4  One thing have I desired of the LORD, that will I seek after; that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the LORD, and to enquire in his temple.
Psalms 1:4  The ungodly are not so: but are like the chaff which the wind driveth away.
2 Samuel 5:6  And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land: which spake unto David, saying, Except thou take away the blind and the lame, thou shalt not come in hither: thinking, David cannot come in hither.
1 Samuel 1:7  And as he did so year by year, when she went up to the house of the LORD, so she provoked her; therefore she wept, and did not eat.
Joshua 10:12  Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and thou, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon.
Deuteronomy 28:1  And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:
Genesis 2:23  And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.
Revelation 3:1  And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.
1 Peter 4:11  If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
Hebrews 4:9  There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God.
2 Timothy 2:1  Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 5:8  But let us, who are of the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of salvation.
Philippians 3:17  Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which walk so as ye have us for an ensample.
Galatians 5:17  For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.
Galatians 5:14  For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
2 Corinthians 4:18  While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.
Acts 15:20  But that we write unto them, that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood.
Acts 7:12  But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out our fathers first.
Acts 2:43  And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.
John 1:33  And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.
Luke 9:57  And it came to pass, that, as they went in the way, a certain man said unto him, Lord, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.
Matthew 21:33  Hear another parable: There was a certain householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and digged a winepress in it, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country:
Matthew 19:28  And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
Matthew 5:45  That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.
Zechariah 14:4  And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south.
Joel 3:1  For, behold, in those days, and in that time, when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem,
Jeremiah 15:16  Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of mine heart: for I am called by thy name, O LORD God of hosts.
Proverbs 2:1  My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee;
Psalms 71:1  In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion.
Psalms 55:22  Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
Genesis 6:8  But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.
Revelation 12:10  And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night.
1 Peter 1:10  Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you:
James 4:11  Speak not evil one of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of his brother, and judgeth his brother, speaketh evil of the law, and judgeth the law: but if thou judge the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge.
Hebrews 8:1  Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;
1 Timothy 3:6  Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil.
1 Thessalonians 5:1  But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you.
Acts 20:20  And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house,
Acts 17:6  And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;
Acts 8:38  And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.
Acts 8:11  And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries.
Acts 5:17  Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation,
Acts 1:18  Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out.
John 16:2  They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.
John 1:27  He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe’s latchet I am not worthy to unloose.
Luke 19:21  For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that thou layedst not down, and reapest that thou didst not sow.
Luke 12:17  And he thought within himself, saying, What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow my fruits?
Luke 1:38  And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her.
Mark 7:7  Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
Matthew 27:57  When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus’ disciple:
Matthew 12:22  Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw.
Matthew 7:14  Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.
Zechariah 1:3  Therefore say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the LORD of hosts.
Haggai 1:3  Then came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,
Nahum 1:2  God is jealous, and the LORD revengeth; the LORD revengeth, and is furious; the LORD will take vengeance on his adversaries, and he reserveth wrath for his enemies.
Isaiah 40:11  He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young.
Isaiah 33:22  For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; he will save us.
Proverbs 8:22  The LORD possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old.
Psalms 119:97  O how love I thy law! it is my meditation all the day.
Nehemiah 9:10  And shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and on all the people of his land: for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them. So didst thou get thee a name, as it is this day.
Nehemiah 8:1  And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before the water gate; and they spake unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the LORD had commanded to Israel.
2 Samuel 1:3  And David said unto him, From whence comest thou? And he said unto him, Out of the camp of Israel am I escaped.
Deuteronomy 18:18  I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee, and will put my words in his mouth; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him.
Exodus 32:1  And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.
Revelation 19:10  And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.
James 5:15  And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.
Hebrews 6:8  But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned.
Colossians 2:3  In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.
Galatians 3:29  And if ye be Christ’s, then are ye Abraham’s seed, and heirs according to the promise.
2 Corinthians 3:6  Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.
Acts 22:3  I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day.
Acts 9:3  And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven:
Acts 7:2  And he said, Men, brethren, and fathers, hearken; The God of glory appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelt in Charran,
John 8:42  Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me.
John 6:48  I am that bread of life.
Luke 9:62  And Jesus said unto him, No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God.
Luke 1:23  And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house.
Mark 10:42  But Jesus called them to him, and saith unto them, Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them.
Mark 6:45  And straightway he constrained his disciples to get into the ship, and to go to the other side before unto Bethsaida, while he sent away the people.
Matthew 23:13  But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.
Matthew 11:27  All things are delivered unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him.
Joel 1:4  That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten; and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten; and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten.
Daniel 1:4  Children in whom was no blemish, but well favoured, and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king’s palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans.
Isaiah 28:16  Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste.
Psalms 63:1  O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is;
Job 31:1  I made a covenant with mine eyes; why then should I think upon a maid?
2 Kings 8:9  So Hazael went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good thing of Damascus, forty camels’ burden, and came and stood before him, and said, Thy son Ben-hadad king of Syria hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?
Deuteronomy 6:8  And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes.
Exodus 4:5  That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared unto thee.
Revelation 1:9  I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ.
2 John 1:10  If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed:
1 Peter 4:17  For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God?
Galatians 6:6  Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things.
Romans 11:15  For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?
Romans 4:3  For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness.
John 17:22  And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:
John 5:26  For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself;
John 17:9  I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine.
John 2:9  When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom,
Luke 23:44  And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour.
Luke 3:38  Which was the son of Enos, which was the son of Seth, which was the son of Adam, which was the son of God.
Matthew 10:37  He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.
Daniel 12:13  But go thou thy way till the end be: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days.
Isaiah 54:17  No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD.
Psalms 90:12  So teach us to number our days, that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.
Job 1:14  And there came a messenger unto Job, and said, The oxen were plowing, and the asses feeding beside them:
1 Kings 17:1  And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, As the LORD God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.
Exodus 15:11  Who is like unto thee, O LORD, among the gods? who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?
Genesis 7:11  In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.
1 Timothy 1:7  Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm.
2 Thessalonians 2:9  Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,
1 Thessalonians 4:14  For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.
1 Thessalonians 1:7  So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia.
Ephesians 5:26  That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,
Acts 5:42  And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ.
Acts 2:40  And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation.
Acts 2:2  And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.
John 19:21  Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews.
John 13:18  I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me.
John 8:28  Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things.
Luke 23:42  And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.
Luke 18:16  But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.
Luke 4:43  And he said unto them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also: for therefore am I sent.
Luke 4:5  And the devil, taking him up into an high mountain, shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.
Luke 3:7  Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
Luke 1:25  Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me, to take away my reproach among men.
Matthew 26:52  Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.
Matthew 19:13  Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.
Matthew 8:17  That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses.
Matthew 6:11  Give us this day our daily bread.
Micah 4:5  For all people will walk every one in the name of his god, and we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever.
Amos 1:2  And he said, The LORD will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of Carmel shall wither.
Jeremiah 1:11  Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, Jeremiah, what seest thou? And I said, I see a rod of an almond tree.
Isaiah 66:1  Thus saith the LORD, The heaven is my throne, and the earth is my footstool: where is the house that ye build unto me? and where is the place of my rest?
Isaiah 8:9  Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be broken in pieces; and give ear, all ye of far countries: gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces.
Isaiah 1:13  Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.
Psalms 119:1  Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law of the LORD.
Psalms 118:22  The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner.
1 Kings 19:1  And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword.
1 Samuel 1:6  And her adversary also provoked her sore, for to make her fret, because the LORD had shut up her womb.
Genesis 8:21  And the LORD smelled a sweet savour; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground any more for man’s sake; for the imagination of man’s heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.
Genesis 3:21  Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them.
Revelation 11:1  And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood, saying, Rise, and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein.
Jude 1:24  Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,
1 Peter 1:8  Whom having not seen, ye love; in whom, though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory:
James 3:2  For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body.
Titus 3:9  But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.
Colossians 3:10  And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him:
Ephesians 3:9  And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:
2 Corinthians 8:10  And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.
2 Corinthians 1:5  For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:6  Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:
Acts 10:42  And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead.
Luke 19:27  But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me.
Luke 11:42  But woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye tithe mint and rue and all manner of herbs, and pass over judgment and the love of God: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.
Luke 10:29  But he, willing to justify himself, said unto Jesus, And who is my neighbour?
Luke 3:15  And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;
Luke 1:41  And it came to pass, that, when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost:
Mark 12:38  And he said unto them in his doctrine, Beware of the scribes, which love to go in long clothing, and love salutations in the marketplaces,
Mark 1:22  And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes.
Matthew 24:26  Wherefore if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is in the secret chambers; believe it not.
Matthew 13:55  Is not this the carpenter’s son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?
Matthew 4:8  Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;
Jeremiah 10:10  But the LORD is the true God, he is the living God, and an everlasting king: at his wrath the earth shall tremble, and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation.
Isaiah 6:5  Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips: for mine eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts.
Proverbs 18:21  Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof.
1 Kings 1:4  And the damsel was very fair, and cherished the king, and ministered to him: but the king knew her not.
1 Samuel 1:10  And she was in bitterness of soul, and prayed unto the LORD, and wept sore.
1 Samuel 1:1  Now there was a certain man of Ramathaim-zophim, of mount Ephraim, and his name was Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephrathite:
Exodus 15:1  Then sang Moses and the children of Israel this song unto the LORD, and spake, saying, I will sing unto the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously: the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea.
Genesis 9:10  And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth.
Revelation 5:1  And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals.
James 2:23  And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.
Hebrews 11:15  And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned.
2 Timothy 1:6  Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands.
1 Thessalonians 5:19  Quench not the Spirit.
1 Thessalonians 4:1  Furthermore then we beseech you, brethren, and exhort you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk and to please God, so ye would abound more and more.
Ephesians 5:5  For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.
Ephesians 1:23  Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all.
Romans 14:13  Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother’s way.
Acts 11:13  And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;
Acts 4:8  Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,
Acts 2:7  And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?
John 18:28  Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment: and it was early; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall, lest they should be defiled; but that they might eat the passover.
John 17:14  I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 13:21  When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
John 2:25  And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man.
Luke 21:23  But woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck, in those days! for there shall be great distress in the land, and wrath upon this people.
Luke 10:15  And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted to heaven, shalt be thrust down to hell.
Mark 4:11  And he said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables:
Matthew 22:15  Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk.
Zephaniah 3:4  Her prophets are light and treacherous persons: her priests have polluted the sanctuary, they have done violence to the law.
Joel 2:13  And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repenteth him of the evil.
Isaiah 58:1  Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and shew my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins.
Isaiah 43:18  Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old.
Ecclesiastes 12:1  Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them;
Ecclesiastes 9:10  Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest.
Proverbs 6:6  Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise:
Proverbs 2:3  Yea, if thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for understanding;
Psalms 18:2  The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler, and the horn of my salvation, and my high tower.
Job 14:1  Man that is born of a woman is of few days, and full of trouble.
1 Kings 1:3  So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of Israel, and found Abishag a Shunammite, and brought her to the king.
1 Samuel 1:5  But unto Hannah he gave a worthy portion; for he loved Hannah: but the LORD had shut up her womb.
Exodus 1:7  And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land was filled with them.
Revelation 19:1  And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto the Lord our God:
Revelation 11:3  And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days, clothed in sackcloth.
Jude 1:4  For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Peter 3:3  Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;
1 Peter 2:12  Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.
James 3:6  And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell.
Hebrews 7:26  For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
Titus 1:16  They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him, being abominable, and disobedient, and unto every good work reprobate.
2 Timothy 2:24  And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient,
1 Thessalonians 4:15  For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.
1 Corinthians 16:2  Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come.
Romans 4:13  For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, was not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith.
Romans 1:2  (Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)
Acts 1:21  Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us,
John 19:23  Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.
John 15:20  Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also.
John 6:68  Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.
Luke 22:44  And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly: and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling down to the ground.
Luke 22:7  Then came the day of unleavened bread, when the passover must be killed.
Luke 22:1  Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh, which is called the Passover.
Luke 16:17  And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail.
Luke 3:6  And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.
Matthew 1:2  Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;
Habakkuk 2:2  And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it.
Isaiah 9:2  The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined.
Proverbs 18:24  A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.
Psalms 8:4  What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him?
1 Kings 3:4  And the king went to Gibeon to sacrifice there; for that was the great high place: a thousand burnt offerings did Solomon offer upon that altar.
Revelation 14:12  Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
Revelation 3:15  I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
Revelation 1:15  And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters.
James 5:8  Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.
James 4:10  Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.
Hebrews 11:17  By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son,
Philippians 3:21  Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.
Ephesians 4:9  (Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth?
Galatians 4:21  Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?
1 Corinthians 1:27  But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;
1 Corinthians 1:8  Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 15:5  Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:
Romans 11:14  If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.
Romans 3:7  For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?
Acts 17:29  Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man’s device.
Acts 2:30  Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne;
Acts 2:5  And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven.
John 20:25  The other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the Lord. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe.
John 15:2  Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.
John 13:14  If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another’s feet.
John 12:27  Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour.
Luke 13:22  And he went through the cities and villages, teaching, and journeying toward Jerusalem.
Luke 9:10  And the apostles, when they were returned, told him all that they had done. And he took them, and went aside privately into a desert place belonging to the city called Bethsaida.
Luke 4:9  And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:
Mark 8:35  For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel’s, the same shall save it.
Matthew 28:6  He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
Matthew 27:51  And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent;
Matthew 21:28  But what think ye? A certain man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go work to day in my vineyard.
Matthew 2:16  Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.
Micah 7:18  Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retaineth not his anger for ever, because he delighteth in mercy.
Jonah 1:7  And they said every one to his fellow, Come, and let us cast lots, that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us. So they cast lots, and the lot fell upon Jonah.
Amos 5:18  Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light.
Amos 3:6  Shall a trumpet be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil in a city, and the LORD hath not done it?
Daniel 4:5  I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me.
Jeremiah 7:8  Behold, ye trust in lying words, that cannot profit.
Isaiah 56:7  Even them will I bring to my holy mountain, and make them joyful in my house of prayer: their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar; for mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people.
Isaiah 1:1  The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah.
Psalms 40:1  I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.
Psalms 1:6  For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of the ungodly shall perish.
Job 13:15  Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him: but I will maintain mine own ways before him.
Numbers 14:15  Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying,
Exodus 3:13  And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them?
Genesis 1:16  And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.
James 3:9  Therewith bless we God, even the Father; and therewith curse we men, which are made after the similitude of God.
Hebrews 3:5  And Moses verily was faithful in all his house, as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after;
Philippians 1:29  For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake;
Philippians 1:16  The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:
Ephesians 2:12  That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:
Galatians 2:4  And that because of false brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage:
1 Corinthians 1:26  For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:
1 Corinthians 1:21  For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.
Romans 15:7  Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God.
Romans 8:10  And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.
Romans 8:30  Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.
Romans 6:10  For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.
Acts 17:25  Neither is worshipped with men’s hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;
Acts 10:36  The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:)
John 10:33  The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.
John 6:60  Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it?
John 5:23  That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him.
Luke 17:2  It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend one of these little ones.
Luke 12:8  Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:
Mark 15:21  And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross.
Mark 10:29  And Jesus answered and said, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel’s,
Mark 9:30  And they departed thence, and passed through Galilee; and he would not that any man should know it.
Jonah 1:10  Then were the men exceedingly afraid, and said unto him, Why hast thou done this? For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the LORD, because he had told them.
Amos 9:10  All the sinners of my people shall die by the sword, which say, The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us.
Ezekiel 16:49  Behold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy.
Jeremiah 17:7  Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD, and whose hope the LORD is.
Isaiah 61:10  I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels.
Proverbs 20:1  Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise.
1 Samuel 1:8  Then said Elkanah her husband to her, Hannah, why weepest thou? and why eatest thou not? and why is thy heart grieved? am not I better to thee than ten sons?
Genesis 6:2  That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose.
Jude 1:8  Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities.
Hebrews 11:7  By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith.
1 Timothy 2:3  For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;
Philippians 3:9  And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:
Ephesians 5:10  Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord.
Ephesians 1:10  That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him:
Galatians 5:9  A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.
2 Corinthians 12:13  For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong.
1 Corinthians 15:33  Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.
1 Corinthians 11:13  Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?
Acts 19:11  And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul:
John 19:38  And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus.
Matthew 12:30  He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad.
Matthew 6:22  The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light.
Micah 6:6  Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old?
Jeremiah 1:7  But the LORD said unto me, Say not, I am a child: for thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak.
Ecclesiastes 1:2  Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
Proverbs 1:8  My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother:
Psalms 95:6  O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.
Psalms 34:18  The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.
Psalms 33:12  Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD: and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance.
Nehemiah 1:4  And it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned certain days, and fasted, and prayed before the God of heaven,
Ezra 1:5  Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with all them whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem.
1 Samuel 15:22  And Samuel said, Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.
Judges 11:3  Then Jephthah fled from his brethren, and dwelt in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to Jephthah, and went out with him.
Genesis 3:24  So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubim, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.
Revelation 20:5  But the rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection.
Revelation 3:21  To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.
1 Peter 3:11  Let him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace, and ensue it.
Hebrews 12:23  To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect,
1 Thessalonians 4:17  Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.
Colossians 1:10  That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;
Ephesians 5:31  For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
Galatians 3:19  Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator.
2 Corinthians 5:8  We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.
Romans 13:4  For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.
Romans 2:6  Who will render to every man according to his deeds:
Acts 17:21  (For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing.)
Acts 8:35  Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus.
Acts 6:4  But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.
Acts 5:30  The God of our fathers raised up Jesus, whom ye slew and hanged on a tree.
John 18:33  Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?
John 3:24  For John was not yet cast into prison.
John 1:45  Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.
John 1:30  This is he of whom I said, After me cometh a man which is preferred before me: for he was before me.
Luke 15:10  Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth.
Mark 13:17  But woe to them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!
Matthew 15:9  But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
Matthew 9:13  But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Matthew 3:7  But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
Micah 3:4  Then shall they cry unto the LORD, but he will not hear them: he will even hide his face from them at that time, as they have behaved themselves ill in their doings.
Jonah 1:11  Then said they unto him, What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous.
Jeremiah 18:1  The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Isaiah 44:24  Thus saith the LORD, thy redeemer, and he that formed thee from the womb, I am the LORD that maketh all things; that stretcheth forth the heavens alone; that spreadeth abroad the earth by myself;
Job 40:15  Behold now behemoth, which I made with thee; he eateth grass as an ox.
1 Samuel 1:12  And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the LORD, that Eli marked her mouth.
Exodus 3:2  And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.
Exodus 1:18  And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive?
Genesis 22:2  And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.
Genesis 5:24  And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.
Genesis 1:23  And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
Revelation 5:10  And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth.
Revelation 4:8  And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come.
Hebrews 7:1  For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;
2 Timothy 3:8  Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.
1 Timothy 6:3  If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness;
2 Thessalonians 1:10  When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day.
Colossians 3:22  Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God:
Ephesians 4:16  From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love.
Galatians 1:18  Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days.
1 Corinthians 16:13  Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong.
Romans 13:9  For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Romans 10:15  And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!
Acts 22:23  And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air,
Acts 14:15  And saying, Sirs, why do ye these things? We also are men of like passions with you, and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God, which made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all things that are therein:
Acts 9:12  And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in, and putting his hand on him, that he might receive his sight.
John 6:66  From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him.
John 1:42  And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.
Luke 12:33  Sell that ye have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth.
Luke 11:14  And he was casting out a devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, when the devil was gone out, the dumb spake; and the people wondered.
Luke 8:2  And certain women, which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities, Mary called Magdalene, out of whom went seven devils,
Luke 5:7  And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink.
Mark 13:31  Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Mark 7:31  And again, departing from the coasts of Tyre and Sidon, he came unto the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the coasts of Decapolis.
Matthew 23:27  Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men’s bones, and of all uncleanness.
Matthew 12:38  Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.
Malachi 1:4  Whereas Edom saith, We are impoverished, but we will return and build the desolate places; thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall build, but I will throw down; and they shall call them, The border of wickedness, and, The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever.
Jonah 1:6  So the shipmaster came to him, and said unto him, What meanest thou, O sleeper? arise, call upon thy God, if so be that God will think upon us, that we perish not.
Jeremiah 1:9  Then the LORD put forth his hand, and touched my mouth. And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have put my words in thy mouth.
Isaiah 6:9  And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear ye indeed, but understand not; and see ye indeed, but perceive not.
Ecclesiastes 5:6  Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin; neither say thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore should God be angry at thy voice, and destroy the work of thine hands?
Proverbs 1:11  If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocent without cause:
2 Kings 2:1  And it came to pass, when the LORD would take up Elijah into heaven by a whirlwind, that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal.
Deuteronomy 1:3  And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that Moses spake unto the children of Israel, according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them;
Leviticus 19:20  And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman, that is a bondmaid, betrothed to an husband, and not at all redeemed, nor freedom given her; she shall be scourged; they shall not be put to death, because she was not free.
Exodus 1:6  And Joseph died, and all his brethren, and all that generation.
Genesis 12:14  And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.
Revelation 3:19  As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.
Titus 1:10  For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:
1 Timothy 1:11  According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.
Colossians 4:6  Let your speech be alway with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.
Ephesians 6:14  Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;
Galatians 1:4  Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father:
1 Corinthians 14:26  How is it then, brethren? when ye come together, every one of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto edifying.
1 Corinthians 1:11  For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are of the house of Chloe, that there are contentions among you.
Romans 2:5  But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;
Acts 17:23  For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.
Acts 2:31  He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption.
John 20:26  And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them: then came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you.
John 17:18  As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.
John 13:17  If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.
John 2:24  But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men,
John 2:7  Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim.
John 1:32  And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him.
Luke 13:34  O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!
Luke 5:12  And it came to pass, when he was in a certain city, behold a man full of leprosy: who seeing Jesus fell on his face, and besought him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
Mark 16:6  And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.
Mark 13:15  And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house, neither enter therein, to take any thing out of his house:
Matthew 26:17  Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover?
Matthew 24:31  And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other.
Matthew 15:17  Do not ye yet understand, that whatsoever entereth in at the mouth goeth into the belly, and is cast out into the draught?
Matthew 9:10  And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.
Zechariah 9:10  And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim, and the horse from Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off: and he shall speak peace unto the heathen: and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea, and from river even to the ends of the earth.
Jonah 1:5  Then the mariners were afraid, and cried every man unto his god, and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea, to lighten it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship; and he lay, and was fast asleep.
Isaiah 43:25  I, even I, am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins.
Proverbs 11:12  He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding holdeth his peace.
Job 38:41  Who provideth for the raven his food? when his young ones cry unto God, they wander for lack of meat.
Job 26:13  By his spirit he hath garnished the heavens; his hand hath formed the crooked serpent.
Joshua 1:5  There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
Deuteronomy 4:6  Keep therefore and do them; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people.
Genesis 18:20  And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous;
Genesis 4:7  If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.
Revelation 5:5  And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.
Revelation 1:16  And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength.
Revelation 1:13  And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.
Jude 1:7  Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.
James 2:15  If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food,
Philippians 3:1  Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe.
Ephesians 5:6  Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.
Galatians 5:11  And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.
Galatians 3:11  But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith.
Romans 12:13  Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.
Acts 14:17  Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness.
Acts 7:1  Then said the high priest, Are these things so?
Acts 4:11  This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner.
Acts 1:25  That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might go to his own place.
John 17:12  While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.
John 16:19  Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?
John 12:26  If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour.
John 8:3  And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst,
John 2:14  And found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves, and the changers of money sitting:
John 2:8  And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it.
Luke 2:49  And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father’s business?
Mark 3:22  And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.
Malachi 2:16  For the LORD, the God of Israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the LORD of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not treacherously.
Haggai 1:4  Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste?
Daniel 11:12  And when he hath taken away the multitude, his heart shall be lifted up; and he shall cast down many ten thousands: but he shall not be strengthened by it.
Jeremiah 3:4  Wilt thou not from this time cry unto me, My father, thou art the guide of my youth?
Isaiah 45:22  Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am God, and there is none else.
Ecclesiastes 7:8  Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof: and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit.
Job 1:20  Then Job arose, and rent his mantle, and shaved his head, and fell down upon the ground, and worshipped,
Job 1:15  And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Job 1:8  And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil?
Ezra 1:2  Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem, which is in Judah.
Ruth 1:6  Then she arose with her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the LORD had visited his people in giving them bread.
Genesis 1:15  And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so.
1 John 3:15  Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer: and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him.
James 4:9  Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness.
Hebrews 10:35  Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompence of reward.
Hebrews 10:5  Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me:
Hebrews 5:14  But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil.
2 Timothy 4:6  For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.
2 Thessalonians 1:12  That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Thessalonians 2:4  But as we were allowed of God to be put in trust with the gospel, even so we speak; not as pleasing men, but God, which trieth our hearts.
Colossians 3:7  In the which ye also walked some time, when ye lived in them.
Philippians 3:3  For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh.
2 Corinthians 6:17  Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,
2 Corinthians 4:3  But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost:
1 Corinthians 10:12  Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall.
Romans 15:14  And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.
Romans 14:19  Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another.
Acts 26:27  King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest.
Acts 26:20  But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and then to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance.
Acts 7:13  And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph’s kindred was made known unto Pharaoh.
John 8:21  Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come.
John 6:45  It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me.
John 4:15  The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw.
John 1:41  He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ.
Luke 9:12  And when the day began to wear away, then came the twelve, and said unto him, Send the multitude away, that they may go into the towns and country round about, and lodge, and get victuals: for we are here in a desert place.
Luke 1:24  And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,
Hosea 4:5  Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the prophet also shall fall with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy mother.
Isaiah 55:7  Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the LORD, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon.
Isaiah 49:1  Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The LORD hath called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother hath he made mention of my name.
Proverbs 19:21  There are many devices in a man’s heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand.
Psalms 8:9  O LORD our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!
Ezra 1:6  And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things, beside all that was willingly offered.
1 Kings 11:1  But king Solomon loved many strange women, together with the daughter of Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and Hittites;
1 Kings 8:10  And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place, that the cloud filled the house of the LORD,
Exodus 17:8  Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in Rephidim.
Exodus 4:22  And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, Thus saith the LORD, Israel is my son, even my firstborn:
Revelation 1:19  Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter;
Jude 1:6  And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day.
Hebrews 4:7  Again, he limiteth a certain day, saying in David, To day, after so long a time; as it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts.
2 Timothy 2:19  Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.
Galatians 3:6  Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.
Galatians 1:16  To reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen; immediately I conferred not with flesh and blood:
1 Corinthians 12:3  Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.
1 Corinthians 11:17  Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye come together not for the better, but for the worse.
Acts 18:18  And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn his head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow.
Acts 15:11  But we believe that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.
Acts 5:9  Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry thee out.
John 12:25  He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal.
John 10:18  No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.
John 7:39  (But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)
John 5:43  I am come in my Father’s name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive.
Luke 13:31  The same day there came certain of the Pharisees, saying unto him, Get thee out, and depart hence: for Herod will kill thee.
Luke 9:26  For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father’s, and of the holy angels.
Mark 3:14  And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,
Matthew 14:13  When Jesus heard of it, he departed thence by ship into a desert place apart: and when the people had heard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities.
Matthew 10:22  And ye shall be hated of all men for my name’s sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.
Matthew 8:1  When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him.
Matthew 3:6  And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins.
Matthew 2:11  And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense, and myrrh.
Jeremiah 10:11  Thus shall ye say unto them, The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish from the earth, and from under these heavens.
Proverbs 21:1  The king’s heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water: he turneth it whithersoever he will.
Proverbs 18:22  Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD.
Proverbs 6:7  Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,
Proverbs 3:13  Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding.
Psalms 84:11  For the LORD God is a sun and shield: the LORD will give grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly.
Psalms 81:1  Sing aloud unto God our strength: make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob.
1 Chronicles 4:10  And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested.
2 Kings 1:3  But the angel of the LORD said to Elijah the Tishbite, Arise, go up to meet the messengers of the king of Samaria, and say unto them, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that ye go to enquire of Baal-zebub the god of Ekron?
1 Samuel 1:9  So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest sat upon a seat by a post of the temple of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 8:18  But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.
Deuteronomy 4:1  Now therefore hearken, O Israel, unto the statutes and unto the judgments, which I teach you, for to do them, that ye may live, and go in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you.
Numbers 24:17  I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.
Exodus 1:1  Now these are the names of the children of Israel, which came into Egypt; every man and his household came with Jacob.
Jude 1:11  Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.
James 1:15  Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.
Hebrews 10:12  But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;
Hebrews 4:13  Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight: but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do.
2 Timothy 1:8  Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God;
Colossians 2:2  That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;
Philippians 1:18  What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice.
Ephesians 1:9  Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself:
1 Corinthians 6:1  Dare any of you, having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints?
1 Corinthians 2:6  Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:
Romans 13:13  Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying.
Romans 6:13  Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God.
Acts 18:8  And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized.
Acts 9:10  And there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and to him said the Lord in a vision, Ananias. And he said, Behold, I am here, Lord.
John 16:24  Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.
John 16:5  But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?
John 15:3  Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you.
John 5:40  And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life.
Luke 22:32  But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren.
Luke 20:21  And they asked him, saying, Master, we know that thou sayest and teachest rightly, neither acceptest thou the person of any, but teachest the way of God truly:
Luke 18:31  Then he took unto him the twelve, and said unto them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished.
Luke 2:4  And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)
Mark 9:33  And he came to Capernaum: and being in the house he asked them, What was it that ye disputed among yourselves by the way?
Matthew 9:18  While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.
Matthew 7:11  If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?
Malachi 1:5  And your eyes shall see, and ye shall say, The LORD will be magnified from the border of Israel.
Zephaniah 1:3  I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumblingblocks with the wicked; and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD.
Amos 1:4  But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of Ben-hadad.
Hosea 2:3  Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst.
Jeremiah 9:23  Thus saith the LORD, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches:
Isaiah 12:2  Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and not be afraid: for the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song; he also is become my salvation.
Isaiah 11:9  They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.
Isaiah 1:14  Your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them.
2 Samuel 7:12  And when thy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I will establish his kingdom.
1 Samuel 16:1  And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thine horn with oil, and go, I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite: for I have provided me a king among his sons.
1 Samuel 3:4  That the LORD called Samuel: and he answered, Here am I.
Deuteronomy 6:9  And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house, and on thy gates.
Exodus 2:3  And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river’s brink.
Genesis 2:9  And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
Revelation 6:1  And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.
Revelation 3:17  Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:
James 1:3  Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience.
Hebrews 6:18  That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:
2 Timothy 3:9  But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto all men, as theirs also was.
Ephesians 4:10  He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)
2 Corinthians 11:2  For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ.
1 Corinthians 10:11  Now all these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come.
1 Corinthians 5:10  Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world.
Romans 13:10  Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
Romans 11:29  For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.
Romans 8:20  For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope,
Romans 6:17  But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.
Romans 5:15  But not as the offence, so also is the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.
Acts 18:2  And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them.
Acts 4:36  And Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas, (which is, being interpreted, The son of consolation,) a Levite, and of the country of Cyprus,
Acts 4:29  And now, Lord, behold their threatenings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word,
John 8:13  The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true.
John 5:8  Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk.
Luke 21:5  And as some spake of the temple, how it was adorned with goodly stones and gifts, he said,
Luke 4:31  And came down to Capernaum, a city of Galilee, and taught them on the sabbath days.
Mark 13:18  And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter.
Mark 1:25  And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him.
Matthew 13:16  But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.
Matthew 6:15  But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
Malachi 2:10  Have we not all one father? hath not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers?
Habakkuk 1:3  Why dost thou shew me iniquity, and cause me to behold grievance? for spoiling and violence are before me: and there are that raise up strife and contention.
Amos 3:2  You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities.
Hosea 1:6  And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said unto him, Call her name Lo-ruhamah: for I will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away.
Hosea 1:5  And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel in the valley of Jezreel.
Ezekiel 28:12  Son of man, take up a lamentation upon the king of Tyrus, and say unto him, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty.
Jeremiah 17:18  Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring upon them the day of evil, and destroy them with double destruction.
Jeremiah 1:10  See, I have this day set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms, to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and to plant.
1 Kings 18:19  Now therefore send, and gather to me all Israel unto mount Carmel, and the prophets of Baal four hundred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves four hundred, which eat at Jezebel’s table.
Deuteronomy 6:7  And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
Revelation 19:21  And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.
Revelation 5:11  And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands;
1 John 3:11  For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one another.
1 Peter 5:10  But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.
1 Peter 2:18  Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the froward.
James 5:17  Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months.
Hebrews 12:15  Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;
Hebrews 5:9  And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him;
2 Timothy 4:5  But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.
2 Timothy 1:11  Whereunto I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.
Philippians 3:11  If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.
Philippians 1:17  But the other of love, knowing that I am set for the defence of the gospel.
2 Corinthians 7:9  Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing.
1 Corinthians 4:5  Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts: and then shall every man have praise of God.
Romans 14:12  So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.
Romans 12:16  Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.
Romans 8:33  Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God’s elect? It is God that justifieth.
Acts 12:14  And when she knew Peter’s voice, she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in, and told how Peter stood before the gate.
Acts 12:12  And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.
Acts 9:17  And Ananias went his way, and entered into the house; and putting his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou mightest receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost.
John 7:16  Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me.
Luke 16:15  And he said unto them, Ye are they which justify yourselves before men; but God knoweth your hearts: for that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.
Luke 12:51  Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division:
Luke 11:19  And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out? therefore shall they be your judges.
Luke 6:36  Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.
Luke 4:21  And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.
Mark 15:42  And now when the even was come, because it was the preparation, that is, the day before the sabbath,
Mark 11:13  And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came, if haply he might find any thing thereon: and when he came to it, he found nothing but leaves; for the time of figs was not yet.
Mark 9:24  And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.
Matthew 23:9  And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.
Matthew 19:12  For there are some eunuchs, which were so born from their mother’s womb: and there are some eunuchs, which were made eunuchs of men: and there be eunuchs, which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven’s sake. He that is able to receive it, let him receive it.
Matthew 17:18  And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour.
Matthew 4:12  Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee;
Hosea 4:1  Hear the word of the LORD, ye children of Israel: for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land.
Daniel 5:6  Then the king’s countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another.
Ezekiel 25:17  And I will execute great vengeance upon them with furious rebukes; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall lay my vengeance upon them.
Isaiah 1:2  Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me.
Psalms 107:1  O give thanks unto the LORD, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Esther 4:14  For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father’s house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?
1 Kings 4:5  And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of Nathan was principal officer, and the king’s friend:
Ruth 1:5  And Mahlon and Chilion died also both of them; and the woman was left of her two sons and her husband.
Deuteronomy 31:6  Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
Deuteronomy 21:18  If a man have a stubborn and rebellious son, which will not obey the voice of his father, or the voice of his mother, and that, when they have chastened him, will not hearken unto them:
Exodus 19:1  In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai.
1 John 2:4  He that saith, I know him, and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him.
2 Peter 2:9  The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished:
James 5:11  Behold, we count them happy which endure. Ye have heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the end of the Lord; that the Lord is very pitiful, and of tender mercy.
Hebrews 11:4  By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.
Hebrews 7:9  And as I may so say, Levi also, who receiveth tithes, payed tithes in Abraham.
Titus 3:11  Knowing that he that is such is subverted, and sinneth, being condemned of himself.
Titus 2:7  In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity,
Colossians 3:4  When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory.
Ephesians 3:10  To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,
1 Corinthians 11:26  For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord’s death till he come.
Acts 23:6  But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question.
Acts 7:11  Now there came a dearth over all the land of Egypt and Chanaan, and great affliction: and our fathers found no sustenance.
Acts 6:2  Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them, and said, It is not reason that we should leave the word of God, and serve tables.
Acts 3:13  The God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delivered up, and denied him in the presence of Pilate, when he was determined to let him go.
John 14:14  If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.
John 5:46  For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me: for he wrote of me.
Luke 20:27  Then came to him certain of the Sadducees, which deny that there is any resurrection; and they asked him,
Luke 15:4  What man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the ninety and nine in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost, until he find it?
Mark 2:18  And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but thy disciples fast not?
Matthew 20:21  And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom.
Matthew 19:1  And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these sayings, he departed from Galilee, and came into the coasts of Judaea beyond Jordan;
Zechariah 1:4  Be ye not as your fathers, unto whom the former prophets have cried, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye now from your evil ways, and from your evil doings: but they did not hear, nor hearken unto me, saith the LORD.
Jonah 1:9  And he said unto them, I am an Hebrew; and I fear the LORD, the God of heaven, which hath made the sea and the dry land.
Amos 1:1  The words of Amos, who was among the herdmen of Tekoa, which he saw concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake.
Jeremiah 1:13  And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time, saying, What seest thou? And I said, I see a seething pot; and the face thereof is toward the north.
Proverbs 1:12  Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit:
Proverbs 22:7  The rich ruleth over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender.
Psalms 122:6  Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.
Psalms 95:1  O come, let us sing unto the LORD: let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation.
Psalms 82:6  I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.
2 Kings 18:19  And Rab-shakeh said unto them, Speak ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?
1 Samuel 18:1  And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking unto Saul, that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.
Judges 4:4  And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time.
Deuteronomy 8:9  A land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack any thing in it; a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills thou mayest dig brass.
Numbers 1:10  Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Revelation 3:5  He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
1 Peter 1:7  That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honour and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ:
Hebrews 13:3  Remember them that are in bonds, as bound with them; and them which suffer adversity, as being yourselves also in the body.
Hebrews 11:5  By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.
Hebrews 9:26  For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself.
2 Timothy 2:3  Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.
1 Timothy 6:14  That thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukeable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ:
1 Timothy 3:8  Likewise must the deacons be grave, not doubletongued, not given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre;
Philippians 2:15  That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;
Ephesians 3:8  Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;
Galatians 5:10  I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.
Galatians 5:4  Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.
Romans 12:11  Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;
Romans 6:8  Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:
Acts 13:18  And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness.
Acts 2:34  For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,
John 16:14  He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.
John 14:11  Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works’ sake.
John 12:14  And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,
John 6:15  When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone.
John 5:9  And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.
Luke 11:29  And when the people were gathered thick together, he began to say, This is an evil generation: they seek a sign; and there shall no sign be given it, but the sign of Jonas the prophet.
Luke 9:13  But he said unto them, Give ye them to eat. And they said, We have no more but five loaves and two fishes; except we should go and buy meat for all this people.
Luke 1:57  Now Elisabeth’s full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth a son.
Mark 5:25  And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,
Matthew 14:15  And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.
Matthew 8:28  And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way.
Zechariah 14:1  Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee.
Zechariah 11:12  And I said unto them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver.
Haggai 1:5  Now therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.
Amos 6:1  Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and trust in the mountain of Samaria, which are named chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel came!
Joel 1:5  Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth.
Daniel 7:7  After this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns.
Isaiah 61:3  To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the LORD, that he might be glorified.
Isaiah 2:1  The word that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 1:9  The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Proverbs 15:16  Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great treasure and trouble therewith.
Psalms 150:6  Let every thing that hath breath praise the LORD. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 1:5  Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous.
Job 1:18  While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, Thy sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother’s house:
2 Kings 9:10  And the dogs shall eat Jezebel in the portion of Jezreel, and there shall be none to bury her. And he opened the door, and fled.
2 Kings 1:4  Now therefore thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die. And Elijah departed.
1 Kings 17:18  And she said unto Elijah, What have I to do with thee, O thou man of God? art thou come unto me to call my sin to remembrance, and to slay my son?
1 Samuel 3:1  And the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before Eli. And the word of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open vision.
Leviticus 19:28  Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD.
Exodus 34:29  And it came to pass, when Moses came down from mount Sinai with the two tables of testimony in Moses’ hand, when he came down from the mount, that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him.
Exodus 19:6  And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel.
Genesis 9:3  Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things.
1 John 4:12  No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us.
1 Peter 3:20  Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water.
2 Thessalonians 3:5  And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ.
Colossians 3:11  Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in all.
Colossians 3:3  For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.
2 Corinthians 4:1  Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not;
2 Corinthians 1:7  And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation.
Romans 10:11  For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
Romans 1:27  And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.
Acts 11:27  And in these days came prophets from Jerusalem unto Antioch.
John 11:17  Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already.
Luke 13:24  Strive to enter in at the strait gate: for many, I say unto you, will seek to enter in, and shall not be able.
Mark 10:32  And they were in the way going up to Jerusalem; and Jesus went before them: and they were amazed; and as they followed, they were afraid. And he took again the twelve, and began to tell them what things should happen unto him,
Matthew 20:25  But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them.
Malachi 2:14  Yet ye say, Wherefore? Because the LORD hath been witness between thee and the wife of thy youth, against whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of thy covenant.
Isaiah 30:18  And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unto you, and therefore will he be exalted, that he may have mercy upon you: for the LORD is a God of judgment: blessed are all they that wait for him.
Proverbs 22:1  A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold.
Psalms 2:1  Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?
Job 9:10  Which doeth great things past finding out; yea, and wonders without number.
Job 1:17  While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell upon the camels, and have carried them away, yea, and slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Esther 1:4  When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore days.
1 Kings 11:12  Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy father’s sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son.
Leviticus 19:19  Ye shall keep my statutes. Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind: thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed: neither shall a garment mingled of linen and woollen come upon thee.
Exodus 1:10  Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land.
Revelation 9:1  And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit.
2 Corinthians 9:8  And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:
1 Corinthians 3:10  According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.
Romans 4:4  Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt.
Acts 24:14  But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:
Acts 15:7  And when there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said unto them, Men and brethren, ye know how that a good while ago God made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel, and believe.
Hebrews 11:32  And what shall I more say? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephthae; of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets:
1 Corinthians 1:17  For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect.
Amos 5:24  But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream.
Isaiah 1:15  And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood.
2 Samuel 11:1  And it came to pass, after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle, that David sent Joab, and his servants with him, and all Israel; and they destroyed the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried still at Jerusalem.
Revelation 17:18  And the woman which thou sawest is that great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth.
1 John 2:12  I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name’s sake.
Mark 10:18  And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God.
Isaiah 43:19  Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert.
Titus 1:4  To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.
1 Corinthians 5:9  I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:
Luke 10:7  And in the same house remain, eating and drinking such things as they give: for the labourer is worthy of his hire. Go not from house to house.
Psalms 103:2  Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:
2 Samuel 1:6  And the young man that told him said, As I happened by chance upon mount Gilboa, behold, Saul leaned upon his spear; and, lo, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him.
1 Corinthians 6:20  For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God’s.
Luke 14:27  And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple.
Malachi 3:16  Then they that feared the LORD spake often one to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought upon his name.
Micah 4:3  And he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
Isaiah 49:6  And he said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth.
Deuteronomy 6:1  Now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the LORD your God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it:
Romans 1:31  Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:
Matthew 19:6  Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
Joel 2:5  Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array.
Isaiah 14:13  For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:
James 1:24  For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.
Ephesians 2:18  For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father.
Romans 16:20  And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
Nehemiah 8:9  And Nehemiah, which is the Tirshatha, and Ezra the priest the scribe, and the Levites that taught the people, said unto all the people, This day is holy unto the LORD your God; mourn not, nor weep. For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the law.
Ezra 7:10  For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments.
Hebrews 12:11  Now no chastening for the present seemeth to be joyous, but grievous: nevertheless afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby.
Jeremiah 31:32  Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; which my covenant they brake, although I was an husband unto them, saith the LORD:
Ephesians 5:20  Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;
Acts 13:17  The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it.
1 John 5:18  We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not; but he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.
Hebrews 5:11  Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing.
1 John 4:3  And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.
James 5:20  Let him know, that he which converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins.
2 Corinthians 1:6  And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation.
Proverbs 14:34  Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people.
1 Peter 5:9  Whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world.
Acts 4:34  Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold,
Mark 1:17  And Jesus said unto them, Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men.
Mark 13:22  For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.
Isaiah 11:13  The envy also of Ephraim shall depart, and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim.
Ecclesiastes 1:5  The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose.
Proverbs 13:20  He that walketh with wise men shall be wise: but a companion of fools shall be destroyed.
Deuteronomy 7:8  But because the LORD loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the LORD brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.
2 Corinthians 5:16  Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more.
1 Corinthians 11:27  Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.
Luke 15:8  Either what woman having ten pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, doth not light a candle, and sweep the house, and seek diligently till she find it?
Luke 8:11  Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.
Luke 6:11  And they were filled with madness; and communed one with another what they might do to Jesus.
Matthew 19:23  Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Nahum 1:7  The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.
Job 42:5  I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee.
Philippians 4:5  Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.
Luke 6:10  And looking round about upon them all, he said unto the man, Stretch forth thy hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other.
Psalms 34:4  I sought the LORD, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.
2 Kings 5:6  And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying, Now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have therewith sent Naaman my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy.
Revelation 21:27  And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb’s book of life.
Revelation 9:10  And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.
Revelation 8:9  And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.
Romans 6:15  What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.
Isaiah 3:4  And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them.
1 Kings 9:10  And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, when Solomon had built the two houses, the house of the LORD, and the king’s house,
1 Corinthians 2:2  For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.
Jude 1:10  But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.
Romans 11:16  For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.
Mark 8:1  In those days the multitude being very great, and having nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples unto him, and saith unto them,
Mark 2:4  And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.
Joshua 1:11  Pass through the host, and command the people, saying, Prepare you victuals; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan, to go in to possess the land, which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it.
Genesis 4:8  And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
2 Peter 3:7  But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.
Mark 15:33  And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour.
Jonah 1:17  Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights.
Numbers 1:3  From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies.
Exodus 2:1  And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took to wife a daughter of Levi.
Exodus 1:8  Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph.
Isaiah 53:2  For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.
Job 23:10  But he knoweth the way that I take: when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold.
Revelation 19:6  And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth.
Exodus 1:9  And he said unto his people, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we:
Romans 11:13  For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:
Luke 16:31  And he said unto him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead.
Exodus 15:16  Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchased.
Matthew 11:13  For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.
Proverbs 4:20  My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings.
1 Corinthians 2:13  Which things also we speak, not in the words which man’s wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual.
Matthew 14:28  And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be thou, bid me come unto thee on the water.
Revelation 4:5  And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of God.
Jude 1:14  And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints,
Romans 4:17  (As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.
Matthew 2:2  Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him.
Deuteronomy 18:20  But the prophet, which shall presume to speak a word in my name, which I have not commanded him to speak, or that shall speak in the name of other gods, even that prophet shall die.
Job 3:4  Let that day be darkness; let not God regard it from above, neither let the light shine upon it.
1 Peter 1:19  But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot:
Colossians 1:2  To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Acts 14:27  And when they were come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how he had opened the door of faith unto the Gentiles.
Luke 12:5  But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him.
Luke 8:4  And when much people were gathered together, and were come to him out of every city, he spake by a parable:
Hosea 6:1  Come, and let us return unto the LORD: for he hath torn, and he will heal us; he hath smitten, and he will bind us up.
Luke 23:1  And the whole multitude of them arose, and led him unto Pilate.
Luke 14:23  And the lord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled.
1 Samuel 1:15  And Hannah answered and said, No, my lord, I am a woman of a sorrowful spirit: I have drunken neither wine nor strong drink, but have poured out my soul before the LORD.
Exodus 20:22  And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from heaven.
Exodus 1:12  But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved because of the children of Israel.
Revelation 1:11  Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.
Acts 19:6  And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.
Mark 14:61  But he held his peace, and answered nothing. Again the high priest asked him, and said unto him, Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?
Matthew 24:32  Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:
Amos 3:5  Can a bird fall in a snare upon the earth, where no gin is for him? shall one take up a snare from the earth, and have taken nothing at all?
Lamentations 1:1  How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people how is she become as a widow she that was great among the nations, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary
Isaiah 42:5  Thus saith God the LORD, he that created the heavens, and stretched them out; he that spread forth the earth, and that which cometh out of it; he that giveth breath unto the people upon it, and spirit to them that walk therein:
Genesis 32:24  And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.
Nahum 1:3  The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will not at all acquit the wicked: the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet.
Daniel 10:12  Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words.
Revelation 20:2  And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
James 4:12  There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who art thou that judgest another?
Acts 9:4  And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?
John 17:2  As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.
John 6:54  Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.
Matthew 22:29  Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.
Haggai 1:6  Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not enough; ye drink, but ye are not filled with drink; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes.
2 Kings 6:7  Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took it.
Hebrews 4:8  For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day.
2 Corinthians 4:17  For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory;
Mark 7:9  And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition.
Isaiah 53:11  He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many; for he shall bear their iniquities.
Judges 1:3  And Judah said unto Simeon his brother, Come up with me into my lot, that we may fight against the Canaanites; and I likewise will go with thee into thy lot. So Simeon went with him.
1 Corinthians 16:17  I am glad of the coming of Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus: for that which was lacking on your part they have supplied.
Job 1:16  While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and hath burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Deuteronomy 5:6  I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
1 Peter 1:20  Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you,
Hebrews 10:38  Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.
1 Thessalonians 3:5  For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know your faith, lest by some means the tempter have tempted you, and our labour be in vain.
Revelation 17:14  These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.
2 Corinthians 12:2  I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago, (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an one caught up to the third heaven.
John 9:35  Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?
Matthew 24:9  Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name’s sake.
Esther 1:3  In the third year of his reign, he made a feast unto all his princes and his servants; the power of Persia and Media, the nobles and princes of the provinces, being before him:
Revelation 22:21  The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Acts 18:20  When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;
John 15:6  If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.
John 7:12  And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people.
Luke 14:12  Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be made thee.
Isaiah 53:9  And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.
Titus 2:5  To be discreet, chaste, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed.
Ephesians 6:16  Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Matthew 27:3  Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders,
Job 42:2  I know that thou canst do every thing, and that no thought can be withholden from thee.
Ruth 1:4  And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years.
Luke 22:43  And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him.
Proverbs 12:1  Whoso loveth instruction loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish.
Proverbs 31:8  Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction.
1 Samuel 15:16  Then Samuel said unto Saul, Stay, and I will tell thee what the LORD hath said to me this night. And he said unto him, Say on.
1 John 4:13  Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit.
Matthew 24:7  For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.
Matthew 23:8  But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren.
Isaiah 46:10  Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure:
John 21:17  He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.
2 Kings 17:18  Therefore the LORD was very angry with Israel, and removed them out of his sight: there was none left but the tribe of Judah only.
2 Samuel 3:4  And the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith; and the fifth, Shephatiah the son of Abital;
Revelation 2:4  Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.
1 Peter 1:14  As obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the former lusts in your ignorance:
James 1:23  For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass:
Romans 6:5  For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection:
John 6:13  Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten.
Matthew 15:19  For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:
1 Timothy 1:13  Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.
1 Corinthians 11:15  But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering.
Romans 2:12  For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;
Psalms 33:6  By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth.
2 Timothy 3:10  But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience,
Romans 5:2  By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.
Proverbs 10:11  The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life: but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked.
1 John 4:14  And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world.
Isaiah 35:1  The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.
Numbers 1:6  Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
Revelation 12:3  And there appeared another wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads.
Revelation 5:8  And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of saints.
Acts 10:13  And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat.
Ephesians 5:33  Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.
Galatians 5:24  And they that are Christ’s have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
Galatians 4:1  Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;
2 Samuel 1:7  And when he looked behind him, he saw me, and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I.
1 Peter 1:25  But the word of the Lord endureth for ever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you.
Galatians 3:8  And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed.
Mark 14:62  And Jesus said, I am: and ye shall see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.
Mark 9:12  And he answered and told them, Elias verily cometh first, and restoreth all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nought.
Ephesians 1:19  And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
1 Samuel 1:13  Now Hannah, she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had been drunken.
Romans 11:6  And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then is it no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.
Mark 7:8  For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.
Proverbs 22:23  For the LORD will plead their cause, and spoil the soul of those that spoiled them.
1 Corinthians 1:13  Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?
Revelation 3:12  Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name.
Luke 17:10  So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, We are unprofitable servants: we have done that which was our duty to do.
Mark 15:17  And they clothed him with purple, and platted a crown of thorns, and put it about his head,
1 Kings 6:7  And the house, when it was in building, was built of stone made ready before it was brought thither: so that there was neither hammer nor axe nor any tool of iron heard in the house, while it was in building.
Exodus 7:8  And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Revelation 5:7  And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.
Deuteronomy 7:1  When the LORD thy God shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the Hittites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven nations greater and mightier than thou;
Revelation 17:5  And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
Romans 3:31  Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law.
John 14:20  At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you.
John 13:15  For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you.
Isaiah 8:19  And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?
Ecclesiastes 1:6  The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits.
Proverbs 1:13  We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:
Genesis 9:8  And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying,
2 Peter 2:20  For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning.
2 Corinthians 12:1  It is not expedient for me doubtless to glory. I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord.
Ezekiel 33:11  Say unto them, As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die, O house of Israel?
1 Corinthians 7:10  And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband:
Daniel 1:5  And the king appointed them a daily provision of the king’s meat, and of the wine which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the end thereof they might stand before the king.
Exodus 6:3  And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, but by my name JEHOVAH was I not known to them.
Genesis 17:18  And Abraham said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee!
Revelation 2:9  I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.
2 Thessalonians 1:8  In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:
Romans 2:17  Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,
John 5:37  And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.
Proverbs 22:15  Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him.
1 Samuel 7:8  And the children of Israel said to Samuel, Cease not to cry unto the LORD our God for us, that he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines.
Colossians 2:10  And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power:
Acts 6:10  And they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake.
John 12:47  And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.
1 John 3:3  And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself, even as he is pure.
1 Timothy 6:20  O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called:
1 Corinthians 11:24  And when he had given thanks, he brake it, and said, Take, eat: this is my body, which is broken for you: this do in remembrance of me.
1 Corinthians 6:8  Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren.
Acts 15:18  Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world.
Acts 5:11  And great fear came upon all the church, and upon as many as heard these things.
John 8:46  Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?
Matthew 15:8  This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me.
Joshua 5:13  And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua went unto him, and said unto him, Art thou for us, or for our adversaries?
1 Timothy 6:12  Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses.
Jonah 1:12  And he said unto them, Take me up, and cast me forth into the sea; so shall the sea be calm unto you: for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you.
Matthew 8:23  And when he was entered into a ship, his disciples followed him.
1 Corinthians 1:12  Now this I say, that every one of you saith, I am of Paul; and I of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ.
Acts 9:13  Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:
Ezra 1:8  Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.
Ezra 1:7  Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in the house of his gods;
Romans 9:12  It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.
Proverbs 13:14  The law of the wise is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death.
Proverbs 1:1  The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel;
Acts 21:22  What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come.
Matthew 15:14  Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.
Jonah 1:14  Wherefore they cried unto the LORD, and said, We beseech thee, O LORD, we beseech thee, let us not perish for this man’s life, and lay not upon us innocent blood: for thou, O LORD, hast done as it pleased thee.
Esther 1:1  Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus which reigned, from India even unto Ethiopia, over an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)
Proverbs 1:15  My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from their path:
Deuteronomy 7:6  For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.
2 Peter 3:1  This second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance:
Matthew 22:30  For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.
Matthew 6:20  But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:
1 Kings 19:20  And he left the oxen, and ran after Elijah, and said, Let me, I pray thee, kiss my father and my mother, and then I will follow thee. And he said unto him, Go back again: for what have I done to thee?
1 Samuel 1:18  And she said, Let thine handmaid find grace in thy sight. So the woman went her way, and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad.
Revelation 12:15  And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood.
Galatians 1:17  Neither went I up to Jerusalem to them which were apostles before me; but I went into Arabia, and returned again unto Damascus.
Galatians 1:3  Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,
Romans 7:4  Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God.
Acts 20:23  Save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.
Isaiah 43:11  I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there is no saviour.
Numbers 25:1  And Israel abode in Shittim, and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab.
Exodus 34:14  For thou shalt worship no other god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God:
1 Corinthians 11:16  But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God.
Romans 11:11  I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.
Joshua 1:12  And to the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to half the tribe of Manasseh, spake Joshua, saying,
Malachi 1:11  For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name, and a pure offering: for my name shall be great among the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts.
Micah 1:3  For, behold, the LORD cometh forth out of his place, and will come down, and tread upon the high places of the earth.
Hebrews 11:10  For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.
Mark 12:15  Shall we give, or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said unto them, Why tempt ye me? bring me a penny, that I may seeit.
Matthew 16:23  But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.
Matthew 12:15  But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from thence: and great multitudes followed him, and he healed them all;
Isaiah 49:15  Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.
2 Samuel 1:5  And David said unto the young man that told him, How knowest thou that Saul and Jonathan his son be dead?
Joshua 1:10  Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people, saying,
Psalms 66:18  If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:
John 10:20  And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him?
Mark 15:16  And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Praetorium; and they call together the whole band.
Jonah 1:8  Then said they unto him, Tell us, we pray thee, for whose cause this evil is upon us; What is thine occupation? and whence comest thou? what is thy country? and of what people art thou?
Jeremiah 5:6  Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them, and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over their cities: every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces: because their transgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased.
Ecclesiastes 1:8  All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.
1 Samuel 1:20  Wherefore it came to pass, when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived, that she bare a son, and called his name Samuel, saying, Because I have asked him of the LORD.
Jude 1:13  Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever.
Matthew 24:12  And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
Psalms 16:8  I have set the LORD always before me: because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved.
Micah 3:5  Thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that make my people err, that bite with their teeth, and cry, Peace; and he that putteth not into their mouths, they even prepare war against him.
2 Chronicles 7:8  Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days, and all Israel with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt.
2 Samuel 1:12  And they mourned, and wept, and fasted until even, for Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the people of the LORD, and for the house of Israel; because they were fallen by the sword.
1 Timothy 6:9  But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.
Amos 7:8  And the LORD said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A plumbline. Then said the Lord, Behold, I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people Israel: I will not again pass by them any more:
Daniel 1:7  Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abed-nego.
Isaiah 62:1  For Zion’s sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem’s sake I will not rest, until the righteousness thereof go forth as brightness, and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burneth.
2 Samuel 1:10  So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen: and I took the crown that was upon his head, and the bracelet that was on his arm, and have brought them hither unto my lord.
Leviticus 26:27  And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me, but walk contrary unto me;
Jeremiah 1:12  Then said the LORD unto me, Thou hast well seen: for I will hasten my word to perform it.
1 Timothy 3:7  Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.
Hosea 1:7  But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by the LORD their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.
Proverbs 20:21  An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning; but the end thereof shall not be blessed.
Galatians 1:21  Afterwards I came into the regions of Syria and Cilicia;
John 9:12  Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not.
Isaiah 66:2  For all those things hath mine hand made, and all those things have been, saith the LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is poor and of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word.
Acts 5:10  Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up the ghost: and the young men came in, and found her dead, and, carrying her forth, buried her by her husband.
Isaiah 42:6  I the LORD have called thee in righteousness, and will hold thine hand, and will keep thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, for a light of the Gentiles;
Proverbs 4:18  But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day.
Numbers 12:1  And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopian woman.
2 Corinthians 12:14  Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not yours, but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children.
Zechariah 14:9  And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name one.
Isaiah 64:8  But now, O LORD, thou art our father; we are the clay, and thou our potter; and we all are the work of thy hand.
2 Chronicles 6:7  Now it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
2 Samuel 15:16  And the king went forth, and all his household after him. And the king left ten women, which were concubines, to keep the house.
2 Samuel 8:9  When Toi king of Hamath heard that David had smitten all the host of Hadadezer,
Matthew 6:26  Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they?
Jeremiah 10:23  O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps.
Psalms 1:3  And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that bringeth forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper.
1 Kings 1:5  Then Adonijah the son of Haggith exalted himself, saying, I will be king: and he prepared him chariots and horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.
1 John 2:17  And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever.
Numbers 1:5  And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Isaiah 25:6  And in this mountain shall the LORD of hosts make unto all people a feast of fat things, a feast of wines on the lees, of fat things full of marrow, of wines on the lees well refined.
James 1:4  But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.
Acts 7:14  Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls.
2 Samuel 1:11  Then David took hold on his clothes, and rent them; and likewise all the men that were with him:
Deuteronomy 1:4  After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites, which dwelt in Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei:
Amos 5:7  Ye who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth,
Exodus 1:16  And he said, When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.
1 Corinthians 7:11  But and if she depart, let her remain unmarried, or be reconciled to her husband: and let not the husband put away his wife.
Luke 7:10  And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick.
Haggai 1:7  Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.
Habakkuk 3:4  And his brightness was as the light; he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power.
Nahum 1:4  He rebuketh the sea, and maketh it dry, and drieth up all the rivers: Bashan languisheth, and Carmel, and the flower of Lebanon languisheth.
Acts 4:9  If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;
Matthew 5:15  Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.
Hosea 1:11  Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel.
Deuteronomy 18:19  And it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him.
3 John 1:9  I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not.
Mark 6:9  But be shod with sandals; and not put on two coats.
Daniel 2:4  Then spake the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live for ever: tell thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation.
Nehemiah 9:11  And thou didst divide the sea before them, so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land; and their persecutors thou threwest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters.
Ezra 3:4  They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;
2 Samuel 1:8  And he said unto me, Who art thou? And I answered him, I am an Amalekite.
Exodus 1:14  And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in morter, and in brick, and in all manner of service in the field: all their service, wherein they made them serve, was with rigour.
2 Corinthians 1:11  Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf.
1 Thessalonians 4:7  For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness.
1 Corinthians 12:17  If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling?
Mark 5:7  And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not.
1 Samuel 17:18  And carry these ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, and take their pledge.
Exodus 20:23  Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold.
Luke 11:15  But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.
Jonah 1:13  Nevertheless the men rowed hard to bring it to the land; but they could not: for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous against them.
Hosea 1:8  Now when she had weaned Lo-ruhamah, she conceived, and bare a son.
Jude 1:12  These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots;
1 Samuel 5:6  But the hand of the LORD was heavy upon them of Ashdod, and he destroyed them, and smote them with emerods, even Ashdod and the coasts thereof.
1 Samuel 6:7  Now therefore make a new cart, and take two milch kine, on which there hath come no yoke, and tie the kine to the cart, and bring their calves home from them:
Revelation 11:13  And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven.
1 Samuel 16:17  And Saul said unto his servants, Provide me now a man that can play well, and bring him to me.
Nehemiah 1:5  And said, I beseech thee, O LORD God of heaven, the great and terrible God, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments:
John 8:16  And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me.
Habakkuk 1:4  Therefore the law is slacked, and judgment doth never go forth: for the wicked doth compass about the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth.
Job 1:22  In all this Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly.
1 Kings 1:6  And his father had not displeased him at any time in saying, Why hast thou done so? and he also was a very goodly man; and his mother bare him after Absalom.
2 Samuel 6:7  And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzzah; and God smote him there for his error; and there he died by the ark of God.
2 Samuel 1:18  (Also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the bow: behold, it is written in the book of Jasher.)
Leviticus 11:12  Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you.
Haggai 1:11  And I called for a drought upon the land, and upon the mountains, and upon the corn, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon cattle, and upon all the labour of the hands.
Jonah 2:3  For thou hadst cast me into the deep, in the midst of the seas; and the floods compassed me about: all thy billows and thy waves passed over me.
Daniel 9:12  And he hath confirmed his words, which he spake against us, and against our judges that judged us, by bringing upon us a great evil: for under the whole heaven hath not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem.
Proverbs 12:13  The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall come out of trouble.
Proverbs 1:14  Cast in thy lot among us; let us all have one purse:
Mark 1:28  And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee.
Matthew 22:24  Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
Job 4:5  But now it is come upon thee, and thou faintest; it toucheth thee, and thou art troubled.
Romans 7:10  And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death.
Luke 4:10  For it is written, He shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee:
Numbers 11:12  Have I conceived all this people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest say unto me, Carry them in thy bosom, as a nursing father beareth the sucking child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers?
Leviticus 1:7  And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar, and lay the wood in order upon the fire:
Hebrews 6:9  But, beloved, we are persuaded better things of you, and things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak.
Job 1:19  And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
John 8:15  Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man.
Joel 1:6  For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the cheek teeth of a great lion.
1 Kings 5:6  Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon; and my servants shall be with thy servants: and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint: for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians.
1 Samuel 8:9  Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign over them.
Ruth 1:10  And they said unto her, Surely we will return with thee unto thy people.
Isaiah 7:9  And the head of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah’s son. If ye will not believe, surely ye shall not be established.
1 Samuel 1:17  Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him.
1 Samuel 1:14  And Eli said unto her, How long wilt thou be drunken? put away thy wine from thee.
Obadiah 1:3  The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?
Ezra 7:8  And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month, which was in the seventh year of the king.
1 Kings 1:7  And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah, and with Abiathar the priest: and they following Adonijah helped him.
Hosea 6:7  But they like men have transgressed the covenant: there have they dealt treacherously against me.
Jeremiah 1:14  Then the LORD said unto me, Out of the north an evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land.
1 Samuel 1:19  And they rose up in the morning early, and worshipped before the LORD, and returned, and came to their house to Ramah: and Elkanah knew Hannah his wife; and the LORD remembered her.
Ruth 1:7  Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah.
1 Samuel 1:16  Count not thine handmaid for a daughter of Belial: for out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken hitherto.
Genesis 11:12  And Arphaxad lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah:
Hebrews 13:18  Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly.
Ezekiel 1:5  Also out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance; they had the likeness of a man.
1 Kings 1:11  Wherefore Nathan spake unto Bath-sheba the mother of Solomon, saying, Hast thou not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith doth reign, and David our lord knoweth it not?
Daniel 6:7  All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of thee, O king, he shall be cast into the den of lions.
Mark 12:16  And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar’s.
Zechariah 1:6  But my words and my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do unto us, according to our ways, and according to our doings, so hath he dealt with us.
2 Kings 11:12  And he brought forth the king’s son, and put the crown upon him, and gave him the testimony; and they made him king, and anointed him; and they clapped their hands, and said, God save the king.
2 Samuel 1:9  And he said unto me again, Stand, I pray thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me.
1 Samuel 1:22  But Hannah went not up; for she said unto her husband, I will not go up until the child be weaned, and then I will bring him, that he may appear before the LORD, and there abide for ever.
Deuteronomy 1:5  On this side Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying,
Exodus 1:13  And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigour:
Genesis 15:17  And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces.
Isaiah 5:7  For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah his pleasant plant: and he looked for judgment, but behold oppression; for righteousness, but behold a cry.
Ecclesiastes 4:5  The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth his own flesh.
Mark 9:13  But I say unto you, That Elias is indeed come, and they have done unto him whatsoever they listed, as it is written of him.
Amos 4:5  And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven, and proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.
1 Kings 1:9  And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, which is by En-rogel, and called all his brethren the king’s sons, and all the men of Judah the king’s servants:
2 Samuel 1:16  And David said unto him, Thy blood be upon thy head; for thy mouth hath testified against thee, saying, I have slain the LORD’S anointed.
Revelation 3:6  He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
2 Thessalonians 2:5  Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?
Jeremiah 4:5  Declare ye in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem; and say, Blow ye the trumpet in the land: cry, gather together, and say, Assemble yourselves, and let us go into the defenced cities.
Haggai 1:15  In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king.
Haggai 1:12  Then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, with all the remnant of the people, obeyed the voice of the LORD their God, and the words of Haggai the prophet, as the LORD their God had sent him, and the people did fear before the LORD.
1 Chronicles 1:3  Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,
2 Samuel 1:17  And David lamented with this lamentation over Saul and over Jonathan his son:
Amos 1:6  Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver them up to Edom:
Judges 1:5  And they found Adoni-bezek in Bezek: and they fought against him, and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
Joel 1:7  He hath laid my vine waste, and barked my fig tree: he hath made it clean bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white.
Ezra 1:10  Thirty basons of gold, silver basons of a second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand.
Judges 6:8  That the LORD sent a prophet unto the children of Israel, which said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you forth out of the house of bondage;
Genesis 7:8  Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth,
Hosea 1:9  Then said God, Call his name Lo-ammi: for ye are not my people, and I will not be your God.
1 Samuel 1:28  Therefore also I have lent him to the LORD; as long as he liveth he shall be lent to the LORD. And he worshipped the LORD there.
Romans 16:18  For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple.
Exodus 1:22  And Pharaoh charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive.
John 5:15  The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole.
Ecclesiastes 1:7  All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.
Job 14:15  Thou shalt call, and I will answer thee: thou wilt have a desire to the work of thine hands.
Genesis 12:15  The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh’s house.
Daniel 10:11  And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now sent. And when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling.
Revelation 18:19  And they cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas, that great city, wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.
Ruth 1:8  And Naomi said unto her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother’s house: the LORD deal kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me.
Joel 1:8  Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth.
Exodus 1:20  Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied, and waxed very mighty.
Acts 6:11  Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God.
Leviticus 1:5  And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron’s sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Matthew 13:17  For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.
Job 9:11  Lo, he goeth by me, and I see him not: he passeth on also, but I perceive him not.
Exodus 1:21  And it came to pass, because the midwives feared God, that he made them houses.
Isaiah 1:20  But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.
2 Corinthians 10:14  For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ:
Lamentations 3:5  He hath builded against me, and compassed me with gall and travail.
John 9:13  They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind.
Exodus 4:6  And the LORD said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom. And he put his hand into his bosom: and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow.
Genesis 8:9  But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.
Mark 13:16  And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment.
Micah 5:7  And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD, as the showers upon the grass, that tarrieth not for man, nor waiteth for the sons of men.
Ruth 1:9  The LORD grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept.
Jonah 3:6  For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes.
Ecclesiastes 5:7  For in the multitude of dreams and many words there are also divers vanities: but fear thou God.
1 Chronicles 6:7  Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
Job 11:12  For vain man would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass’s colt.
2 Samuel 1:14  And David said unto him, How wast thou not afraid to stretch forth thine hand to destroy the LORD’S anointed?
Ruth 1:14  And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth clave unto her.
Haggai 1:10  Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit.
1 Timothy 5:7  And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless.
Zechariah 1:5  Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever?
1 Kings 1:10  But Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah, and the mighty men, and Solomon his brother, he called not.
1 Samuel 12:13  Now therefore behold the king whom ye have chosen, and whom ye have desired! and, behold, the LORD hath set a king over you.
Galatians 1:20  Now the things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not.
Haggai 1:14  And the LORD stirred up the spirit of Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hosts, their God,
2 Samuel 13:14  Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger than she, forced her, and lay with her.
Ruth 1:12  Turn again, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have an husband. If I should say, I have hope, if I should have an husband also to night, and should also bear sons;
2 Kings 19:20  Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, That which thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard.
Revelation 14:17  And another angel came out of the temple which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle.
Luke 23:25  And he released unto them him that for sedition and murder was cast into prison, whom they had desired; but he delivered Jesus to their will.
Leviticus 1:4  And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him.
Galatians 1:22  And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:
2 Corinthians 1:10  Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;
Acts 23:24  And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring him safe unto Felix the governor.
1 Kings 10:11  And the navy also of Hiram, that brought gold from Ophir, brought in from Ophir great plenty of almug trees, and precious stones.
Ruth 1:11  And Naomi said, Turn again, my daughters: why will ye go with me? are there yet any more sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands?
Genesis 22:23  And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham’s brother.
1 Corinthians 10:18  Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?
Mark 3:6  And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him.
2 Chronicles 1:3  So Solomon, and all the congregation with him, went to the high place that was at Gibeon; for there was the tabernacle of the congregation of God, which Moses the servant of the LORD had made in the wilderness.
1 Samuel 11:12  And the people said unto Samuel, Who is he that said, Shall Saul reign over us? bring the men, that we may put them to death.
Lamentations 1:3  Judah is gone into captivity because of affliction, and because of great servitude: she dwelleth among the heathen, she findeth no rest: all her persecutors overtook her between the straits.
Malachi 1:7  Ye offer polluted bread upon mine altar; and ye say, Wherein have we polluted thee? In that ye say, The table of the LORD is contemptible.
Exodus 1:19  And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women; for they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives come in unto them.
Romans 7:11  For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me.
Acts 10:17  Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean, behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made enquiry for Simon’s house, and stood before the gate,
Matthew 2:4  And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born.
Ezra 1:11  All the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred. All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 2:3  I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine, yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom; and to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was that good for the sons of men, which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life.
Matthew 1:24  Then Joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the Lord had bidden him, and took unto him his wife:
Micah 1:4  And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place.
Joel 1:11  Be ye ashamed, O ye husbandmen; howl, O ye vinedressers, for the wheat and for the barley; because the harvest of the field is perished.
2 Kings 1:6  And they said unto him, There came a man up to meet us, and said unto us, Go, turn again unto the king that sent you, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that thou sendest to enquire of Baal-zebub the god of Ekron? therefore thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die.
1 Peter 5:11  To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
2 Samuel 1:15  And David called one of the young men, and said, Go near, and fall upon him. And he smote him that he died.
Zechariah 12:13  The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and their wives apart;
Jonah 1:16  Then the men feared the LORD exceedingly, and offered a sacrifice unto the LORD, and made vows.
Jeremiah 9:10  For the mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing, and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation, because they are burned up, so that none can pass through them; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled; they are gone.
Proverbs 5:6  Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them.
2 Samuel 1:13  And David said unto the young man that told him, Whence art thou? And he answered, I am the son of a stranger, an Amalekite.
Mark 7:11  But ye say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; he shall be free.
Jeremiah 1:18  For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar, and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land.
Joel 2:6  Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness.
Nehemiah 1:11  O Lord, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king’s cupbearer.
Micah 3:6  Therefore night shall be unto you, that ye shall not have a vision; and it shall be dark unto you, that ye shall not divine; and the sun shall go down over the prophets, and the day shall be dark over them.
Isaiah 9:12  The Syrians before, and the Philistines behind; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
2 Kings 1:9  Then the king sent unto him a captain of fifty with his fifty. And he went up to him: and, behold, he sat on the top of an hill. And he spake unto him, Thou man of God, the king hath said, Come down.
Exodus 1:17  But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive.
2 Samuel 17:18  Nevertheless a lad saw them, and told Absalom: but they went both of them away quickly, and came to a man’s house in Bahurim, which had a well in his court; whither they went down.
Judges 2:3  Wherefore I also said, I will not drive them out from before you; but they shall be as thorns in your sides, and their gods shall be a snare unto you.
Titus 2:6  Young men likewise exhort to be sober minded.
2 Corinthians 11:16  I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little.
Mark 7:12  And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother;
Haggai 1:13  Then spake Haggai the LORD’S messenger in the LORD’S message unto the people, saying, I am with you, saith the LORD.
John 19:22  Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.
Joshua 7:8  O Lord, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their backs before their enemies!
Deuteronomy 1:11  (The LORD God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many more as ye are, and bless you, as he hath promised you!)
Jonah 1:15  So they took up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging.
Esther 1:10  On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king,
Joshua 5:6  For the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men of war, which came out of Egypt, were consumed, because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: unto whom the LORD sware that he would not shew them the land, which the LORD sware unto their fathers that he would give us, a land that floweth with milk and honey.
Proverbs 1:18  And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives.
1 Corinthians 10:17  For we being many are one bread, and one body: for we are all partakers of that one bread.
Nahum 1:5  The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yea, the world, and all that dwell therein.
James 2:6  But ye have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats?
Mark 14:17  And in the evening he cometh with the twelve.
Job 7:8  The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not.
Luke 18:21  And he said, All these have I kept from my youth up.
1 Corinthians 8:11  And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish, for whom Christ died?
Zechariah 1:7  Upon the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month Sebat, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,
Ecclesiastes 1:10  Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it hath been already of old time, which was before us.
Exodus 9:10  And they took ashes of the furnace, and stood before Pharaoh; and Moses sprinkled it up toward heaven; and it became a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast.
Philemon 1:3  Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Daniel 4:6  Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream.
2 Kings 1:10  And Elijah answered and said to the captain of fifty, If I be a man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and consume thee and thy fifty. And there came down fire from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty.
John 21:23  Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee?
Joel 1:10  The field is wasted, the land mourneth; for the corn is wasted: the new wine is dried up, the oil languisheth.
2 Kings 1:5  And when the messengers turned back unto him, he said unto them, Why are ye now turned back?
Isaiah 6:10  Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed.
Ezra 2:3  The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
1 Kings 12:13  And the king answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men’s counsel that they gave him;
2 Samuel 16:17  And Absalom said to Hushai, Is this thy kindness to thy friend? why wentest thou not with thy friend?
Leviticus 18:19  Also thou shalt not approach unto a woman to uncover her nakedness, as long as she is put apart for her uncleanness.
1 Timothy 1:14  And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
Matthew 12:17  That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,
Genesis 12:19  Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.
1 Corinthians 7:14  For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy.
Romans 4:8  Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Exodus 5:6  And Pharaoh commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people, and their officers, saying,
Acts 3:7  And he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up: and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength.
Ecclesiastes 1:13  And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under heaven: this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith.
2 Corinthians 6:8  By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;
2 Corinthians 1:13  For we write none other things unto you, than what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end;
Isaiah 1:19  If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land:
Job 19:20  My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth.
Colossians 2:5  For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit, joying and beholding your order, and the stedfastness of your faith in Christ.
Ezekiel 18:19  Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father? When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath done them, he shall surely live.
Nehemiah 1:6  Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father’s house have sinned.
2 Samuel 1:19  The beauty of Israel is slain upon thy high places: how are the mighty fallen!
2 Corinthians 10:16  To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, and not to boast in another man’s line of things made ready to our hand.
John 18:21  Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them: behold, they know what I said.
Malachi 1:8  And if ye offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the LORD of hosts.
Proverbs 6:8  Provideth her meat in the summer, and gathereth her food in the harvest.
2 Kings 1:7  And he said unto them, What manner of man was he which came up to meet you, and told you these words?
1 Samuel 1:21  And the man Elkanah, and all his house, went up to offer unto the LORD the yearly sacrifice, and his vow.
Joshua 1:14  Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle, shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but ye shall pass before your brethren armed, all the mighty men of valour, and help them;
2 Samuel 1:21  Ye mountains of Gilboa, let there be no dew, neither let there be rain, upon you, nor fields of offerings: for there the shield of the mighty is vilely cast away, the shield of Saul, as though he had not been anointed with oil.
1 Samuel 1:23  And Elkanah her husband said unto her, Do what seemeth thee good; tarry until thou have weaned him; only the LORD establish his word. So the woman abode, and gave her son suck until she weaned him.
Luke 11:17  But he, knowing their thoughts, said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and a house divided against a house falleth.
Jeremiah 6:7  As a fountain casteth out her waters, so she casteth out her wickedness: violence and spoil is heard in her; before me continually is grief and wounds.
Jeremiah 1:15  For, lo, I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north, saith the LORD; and they shall come, and they shall set every one his throne at the entering of the gates of Jerusalem, and against all the walls thereof round about, and against all the cities of Judah.
Ruth 1:18  When she saw that she was stedfastly minded to go with her, then she left speaking unto her.
Joel 3:5  Because ye have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things:
Jeremiah 7:9  Will ye steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn incense unto Baal, and walk after other gods whom ye know not;
1 Samuel 1:24  And when she had weaned him, she took him up with her, with three bullocks, and one ephah of flour, and a bottle of wine, and brought him unto the house of the LORD in Shiloh: and the child was young.
Isaiah 10:11  Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so do to Jerusalem and her idols?
Luke 24:28  And they drew nigh unto the village, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further.
Matthew 16:20  Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ.
2 Kings 8:10  And Elisha said unto him, Go, say unto him, Thou mayest certainly recover: howbeit the LORD hath shewed me that he shall surely die.
Romans 1:30  Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,
Zechariah 14:15  And so shall be the plague of the horse, of the mule, of the camel, and of the ass, and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents, as this plague.
Ezra 1:9  And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,
Genesis 14:15  And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus.
1 Samuel 9:10  Then said Saul to his servant, Well said; come, let us go. So they went unto the city where the man of God was.
Leviticus 1:9  But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water: and the priest shall burn all on the altar, to be a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.
1 Timothy 1:16  Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.
John 12:19  The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.
Psalms 22:23  Ye that fear the LORD, praise him; all ye the seed of Jacob, glorify him; and fear him, all ye the seed of Israel.
Job 12:13  With him is wisdom and strength, he hath counsel and understanding.
Nehemiah 1:8  Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses, saying, If ye transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the nations:
Joshua 3:4  Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore.
Genesis 12:17  And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram’s wife.
1 John 2:10  He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him.
Philippians 1:22  But if I live in the flesh, this is the fruit of my labour: yet what I shall choose I wot not.
Ruth 1:13  Would ye tarry for them till they were grown? would ye stay for them from having husbands? nay, my daughters; for it grieveth me much for your sakes that the hand of the LORD is gone out against me.
Galatians 2:5  To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you.
John 15:21  But all these things will they do unto you for my name’s sake, because they know not him that sent me.
Joshua 1:13  Remember the word which Moses the servant of the LORD commanded you, saying, The LORD your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land.
1 Thessalonians 5:10  Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him.
Proverbs 1:17  Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird.
Galatians 1:24  And they glorified God in me.
Galatians 1:23  But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed.
Luke 12:18  And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns, and build greater; and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods.
Obadiah 1:4  Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 1:19  And they shall fight against thee; but they shall not prevail against thee; for I am with thee, saith the LORD, to deliver thee.
2 Corinthians 10:18  For not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord commendeth.
2 Corinthians 8:11  Now therefore perform the doing of it; that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have.
1 Kings 19:21  And he returned back from him, and took a yoke of oxen, and slew them, and boiled their flesh with the instruments of the oxen, and gave unto the people, and they did eat. Then he arose, and went after Elijah, and ministered unto him.
Mark 1:26  And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him.
2 Samuel 1:22  From the blood of the slain, from the fat of the mighty, the bow of Jonathan turned not back, and the sword of Saul returned not empty.
Joshua 1:17  According as we hearkened unto Moses in all things, so will we hearken unto thee: only the LORD thy God be with thee, as he was with Moses.
Judges 9:10  And the trees said to the fig tree, Come thou, and reign over us.
Deuteronomy 1:8  Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give unto them and to their seed after them.
Exodus 16:17  And the children of Israel did so, and gathered, some more, some less.
1 Corinthians 9:12  If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless we have not used this power; but suffer all things, lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ.
Luke 9:14  For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.
Mark 4:8  And other fell on good ground, and did yield fruit that sprang up and increased; and brought forth, some thirty, and some sixty, and some an hundred.
Micah 4:6  In that day, saith the LORD, will I assemble her that halteth, and I will gather her that is driven out, and her that I have afflicted;
1 John 2:8  Again, a new commandment I write unto you, which thing is true in him and in you: because the darkness is past, and the true light now shineth.
John 11:14  Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.
Hosea 11:12  Ephraim compasseth me about with lies, and the house of Israel with deceit: but Judah yet ruleth with God, and is faithful with the saints.
Malachi 1:10  Who is there even among you that would shut the doors for nought? neither do ye kindle fire on mine altar for nought. I have no pleasure in you, saith the LORD of hosts, neither will I accept an offering at your hand.
Joshua 10:11  And it came to pass, as they fled from before Israel, and were in the going down to Beth-horon, that the LORD cast down great stones from heaven upon them unto Azekah, and they died: they were more which died with hailstones than they whom the children of Israel slew with the sword.
Galatians 3:9  So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham.
Mark 11:16  And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple.
Haggai 2:3  Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? and how do ye see it now? is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing?
Nehemiah 1:7  We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses.
2 Samuel 1:20  Tell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets of Askelon; lest the daughters of the Philistines rejoice, lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph.
Judges 1:4  And Judah went up; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand: and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men.
Deuteronomy 1:9  And I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone:
2 Timothy 1:16  The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain:
Numbers 1:7  Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Exodus 6:7  And I will take you to me for a people, and I will be to you a God: and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God, which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians.
1 Thessalonians 4:8  He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not man, but God, who hath also given unto us his holy Spirit.
Zechariah 8:9  Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Let your hands be strong, ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, which were in the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid, that the temple might be built.
Judges 3:4  And they were to prove Israel by them, to know whether they would hearken unto the commandments of the LORD, which he commanded their fathers by the hand of Moses.
1 Thessalonians 2:5  For neither at any time used we flattering words, as ye know, nor a cloke of covetousness; God is witness:
1 Corinthians 1:14  I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;
1 Kings 1:12  Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel, that thou mayest save thine own life, and the life of thy son Solomon.
Exodus 23:24  Thou shalt not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do after their works: but thou shalt utterly overthrow them, and quite break down their images.
Mark 10:20  And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth.
Ezekiel 1:8  And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings.
Joshua 1:15  Until the LORD have given your brethren rest, as he hath given you, and they also have possessed the land which the LORD your God giveth them: then ye shall return unto the land of your possession, and enjoy it, which Moses the LORD’S servant gave you on this side Jordan toward the sunrising.
Deuteronomy 1:6  The LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb, saying, Ye have dwelt long enough in this mount:
Exodus 13:14  And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage:
Zechariah 12:14  All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apart.
Leviticus 20:21  And if a man shall take his brother’s wife, it is an unclean thing: he hath uncovered his brother’s nakedness; they shall be childless.
Luke 3:9  And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
1 Chronicles 1:4  Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Ecclesiastes 1:14  I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
2 Kings 12:13  Howbeit there were not made for the house of the LORD bowls of silver, snuffers, basons, trumpets, any vessels of gold, or vessels of silver, of the money that was brought into the house of the LORD:
2 Samuel 1:23  Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than lions.
1 Samuel 8:10  And Samuel told all the words of the LORD unto the people that asked of him a king.
Ruth 1:22  So Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter in law, with her, which returned out of the country of Moab: and they came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest.
Hebrews 7:10  For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him.
1 Corinthians 12:15  If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?
John 7:13  Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews.
Luke 14:17  And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready.
Malachi 1:14  But cursed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock a male, and voweth, and sacrificeth unto the LORD a corrupt thing: for I am a great King, saith the LORD of hosts, and my name is dreadful among the heathen.
1 Kings 1:13  Go and get thee in unto king David, and say unto him, Didst not thou, my lord, O king, swear unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne? why then doth Adonijah reign?
Ruth 4:5  Then said Boaz, What day thou buyest the field of the hand of Naomi, thou must buy it also of Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance.
Acts 12:17  But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison. And he said, Go shew these things unto James, and to the brethren. And he departed, and went into another place.
Zephaniah 1:4  I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant of Baal from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;
1 Samuel 10:11  And it came to pass, when all that knew him beforetime saw that, behold, he prophesied among the prophets, then the people said one to another, What is this that is come unto the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
1 Corinthians 14:16  Else when thou shalt bless with the spirit, how shall he that occupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks, seeing he understandeth not what thou sayest?
1 Kings 1:8  But Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and Nathan the prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and the mighty men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah.
2 Timothy 1:18  The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day: and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus, thou knowest very well.
Isaiah 7:10  Moreover the LORD spake again unto Ahaz, saying,
Ezekiel 16:17  Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given thee, and madest to thyself images of men, and didst commit whoredom with them,
Ecclesiastes 3:5  A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
Mark 1:31  And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered unto them.
Nehemiah 4:5  And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out from before thee: for they have provoked thee to anger before the builders.
1 Samuel 1:25  And they slew a bullock, and brought the child to Eli.
Genesis 12:16  And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels.
Ezra 6:7  Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place.
2 Kings 1:8  And they answered him, He was an hairy man, and girt with a girdle of leather about his loins. And he said, It is Elijah the Tishbite.
1 Corinthians 1:16  And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.
Matthew 17:19  Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?
Amos 1:7  But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof:
Joshua 1:16  And they answered Joshua, saying, All that thou commandest us we will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go.
Acts 3:8  And he leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God.
Malachi 1:9  And now, I pray you, beseech God that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your means: will he regard your persons? saith the LORD of hosts.
1 Chronicles 7:8  And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these are the sons of Becher.
Genesis 21:22  And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest:
Proverbs 1:16  For their feet run to evil, and make haste to shed blood.
2 Kings 10:11  So Jehu slew all that remained of the house of Ahab in Jezreel, and all his great men, and his kinsfolks, and his priests, until he left him none remaining.
Leviticus 16:17  And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an atonement for himself, and for his household, and for all the congregation of Israel.
2 Timothy 3:11  Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me.
Acts 6:12  And they stirred up the people, and the elders, and the scribes, and came upon him, and caught him, and brought him to the council,
Mark 1:30  But Simon’s wife’s mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her.
Job 13:14  Wherefore do I take my flesh in my teeth, and put my life in mine hand?
1 Samuel 14:15  And there was trembling in the host, in the field, and among all the people: the garrison, and the spoilers, they also trembled, and the earth quaked: so it was a very great trembling.
1 Corinthians 9:13  Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar?
Amos 6:7  Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed.
Daniel 1:10  And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel, I fear my lord the king, who hath appointed your meat and your drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king.
Isaiah 11:14  But they shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west; they shall spoil them of the east together: they shall lay their hand upon Edom and Moab; and the children of Ammon shall obey them.
Luke 13:17  And when he had said these things, all his adversaries were ashamed: and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him.
Mark 13:20  And except that the Lord had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect’s sake, whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days.
Proverbs 1:22  How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?
Leviticus 19:21  And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, even a ram for a trespass offering.
Luke 6:15  Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called Zelotes,
Jeremiah 1:16  And I will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness, who have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, and worshipped the works of their own hands.
2 Samuel 5:7  Nevertheless David took the strong hold of Zion: the same is the city of David.
Deuteronomy 28:29  And thou shalt grope at noonday, as the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways: and thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore, and no man shall save thee.
John 11:13  Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.
2 Kings 1:12  And Elijah answered and said unto them, If I be a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and consume thee and thy fifty. And the fire of God came down from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty.
Matthew 14:16  But Jesus said unto them, They need not depart; give ye them to eat.
Proverbs 4:6  Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee.
2 Samuel 1:24  Ye daughters of Israel, weep over Saul, who clothed you in scarlet, with other delights, who put on ornaments of gold upon your apparel.
Esther 3:4  Now it came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not unto them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai’s matters would stand: for he had told them that he was a Jew.
Esther 1:6  Where were white, green, and blue, hangings, fastened with cords of fine linen and purple to silver rings and pillars of marble: the beds were of gold and silver, upon a pavement of red, and blue, and white, and black, marble.
John 17:25  O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.
Joshua 6:7  And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is armed pass on before the ark of the LORD.
Joshua 1:18  Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment, and will not hearken unto thy words in all that thou commandest him, he shall be put to death: only be strong and of a good courage.
Mark 5:8  For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit.
2 Kings 1:11  Again also he sent unto him another captain of fifty with his fifty. And he answered and said unto him, O man of God, thus hath the king said, Come down quickly.
Hebrews 10:13  From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.
1 Corinthians 12:16  And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?
2 Samuel 1:25  How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle! O Jonathan, thou wast slain in thine high places.
Numbers 12:13  And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech thee.
Joel 1:14  Sanctify ye a fast, call a solemn assembly, gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God, and cry unto the LORD,
Leviticus 1:6  And he shall flay the burnt offering, and cut it into his pieces.
Luke 7:12  Now when he came nigh to the gate of the city, behold, there was a dead man carried out, the only son of his mother, and she was a widow: and much people of the city was with her.
Nahum 1:6  Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him.
Jeremiah 1:17  Thou therefore gird up thy loins, and arise, and speak unto them all that I command thee: be not dismayed at their faces, lest I confound thee before them.
Amos 1:9  Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Tyrus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom, and remembered not the brotherly covenant:
Job 8:9  (For we are but of yesterday, and know nothing, because our days upon earth are a shadow:)
Proverbs 18:19  A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city: and their contentions are like the bars of a castle.
2 Corinthians 9:12  For the administration of this service not only supplieth the want of the saints, but is abundant also by many thanksgivings unto God;
Job 3:5  Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it; let a cloud dwell upon it; let the blackness of the day terrify it.
1 Kings 14:15  For the LORD shall smite Israel, as a reed is shaken in the water, and he shall root up Israel out of this good land, which he gave to their fathers, and shall scatter them beyond the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to anger.
Deuteronomy 10:11  And the LORD said unto me, Arise, take thy journey before the people, that they may go in and possess the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give unto them.
Ecclesiastes 1:18  For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.
1 Kings 4:6  And Ahishar was over the household: and Adoniram the son of Abda was over the tribute.
Numbers 16:17  And take every man his censer, and put incense in them, and bring ye before the LORD every man his censer, two hundred and fifty censers; thou also, and Aaron, each of you his censer.
Joel 1:9  The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD’S ministers, mourn.
Daniel 3:5  That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up:
Ezekiel 1:6  And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings.
Numbers 1:8  Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar.
Zechariah 3:4  And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment.
Isaiah 1:25  And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin:
2 Corinthians 11:15  Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.
Jeremiah 3:5  Will he reserve his anger for ever? will he keep it to the end? Behold, thou hast spoken and done evil things as thou couldest.
Isaiah 14:16  They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms;
2 Samuel 14:15  Now therefore that I am come to speak of this thing unto my lord the king, it is because the people have made me afraid: and thy handmaid said, I will now speak unto the king; it may be that the king will perform the request of his handmaid.
Genesis 2:6  But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.
Revelation 10:11  And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and tongues, and kings.
James 4:15  For that ye ought to say, If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this, or that.
Joel 1:12  The vine is dried up, and the fig tree languisheth; the pomegranate tree, the palm tree also, and the apple tree, even all the trees of the field, are withered: because joy is withered away from the sons of men.
Isaiah 1:22  Thy silver is become dross, thy wine mixed with water:
Deuteronomy 9:10  And the LORD delivered unto me two tables of stone written with the finger of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which the LORD spake with you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly.
Genesis 24:25  She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in.
Revelation 12:16  And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth.
Acts 2:12  And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, What meaneth this?
Amos 7:9  And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword.
Proverbs 8:10  Receive my instruction, and not silver; and knowledge rather than choice gold.
Deuteronomy 1:7  Turn you, and take your journey, and go to the mount of the Amorites, and unto all the places nigh thereunto, in the plain, in the hills, and in the vale, and in the south, and by the sea side, to the land of the Canaanites, and unto Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates.
Revelation 7:10  And cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb.
Acts 10:16  This was done thrice: and the vessel was received up again into heaven.
Micah 1:5  For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samaria? and what are the high places of Judah? are they not Jerusalem?
2 Samuel 12:14  Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die.
Proverbs 23:24  The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice: and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy of him.
1 Kings 22:23  Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil concerning thee.
Deuteronomy 4:7  For what nation is there so great, who hath God so nigh unto them, as the LORD our God is in all things that we call upon him for?
Ruth 1:17  Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried: the LORD do so to me, and more also, if ought but death part thee and me.
Nehemiah 1:10  Now these are thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power, and by thy strong hand.
Ezra 8:9  Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males.
2 Kings 1:13  And he sent again a captain of the third fifty with his fifty. And the third captain of fifty went up, and came and fell on his knees before Elijah, and besought him, and said unto him, O man of God, I pray thee, let my life, and the life of these fifty thy servants, be precious in thy sight.
1 Samuel 1:27  For this child I prayed; and the LORD hath given me my petition which I asked of him:
Exodus 18:20  And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do.
Luke 1:29  And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be.
Matthew 10:12  And when ye come into an house, salute it.
2 Chronicles 1:4  But the ark of God had David brought up from Kirjath-jearim to the place which David had prepared for it: for he had pitched a tent for it at Jerusalem.
Joshua 24:25  So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day, and set them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem.
Leviticus 1:10  And if his offering be of the flocks, namely, of the sheep, or of the goats, for a burnt sacrifice; he shall bring it a male without blemish.
Luke 22:26  But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve.
Daniel 1:11  Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom the prince of the eunuchs had set over Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah,
2 Samuel 9:10  Thou therefore, and thy sons, and thy servants, shall till the land for him, and thou shalt bring in the fruits, that thy master’s son may have food to eat: but Mephibosheth thy master’s son shall eat bread alway at my table. Now Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty servants.
Hebrews 5:10  Called of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec.
Luke 18:23  And when he heard this, he was very sorrowful: for he was very rich.
Mark 11:14  And Jesus answered and said unto it, No man eat fruit of thee hereafter for ever. And his disciples heard it.
2 Kings 4:6  And it came to pass, when the vessels were full, that she said unto her son, Bring me yet a vessel. And he said unto her, There is not a vessel more. And the oil stayed.
2 Samuel 7:9  And I was with thee whithersoever thou wentest, and have cut off all thine enemies out of thy sight, and have made thee a great name, like unto the name of the great men that are in the earth.
Acts 21:23  Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them;
Proverbs 1:23  Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you.
2 Corinthians 1:9  But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead:
Luke 16:21  And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man’s table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.
Mark 8:12  And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and saith, Why doth this generation seek after a sign? verily I say unto you, There shall no sign be given unto this generation.
Matthew 12:16  And charged them that they should not make him known:
Zephaniah 3:5  The just LORD is in the midst thereof; he will not do iniquity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth not; but the unjust knoweth no shame.
Proverbs 17:18  A man void of understanding striketh hands, and becometh surety in the presence of his friend.
1 Chronicles 1:9  And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
Ruth 1:15  And she said, Behold, thy sister in law is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: return thou after thy sister in law.
1 Chronicles 5:6  Beerah his son, whom Tilgath-pilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites.
Deuteronomy 6:10  And it shall be, when the LORD thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not,
Daniel 7:11  I beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake: I beheld even till the beast was slain, and his body destroyed, and given to the burning flame.
Isaiah 11:15  And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the seven streams, and make men go over dryshod.
Judges 8:9  And he spake also unto the men of Penuel, saying, When I come again in peace, I will break down this tower.
Leviticus 1:8  And the priests, Aaron’s sons, shall lay the parts, the head, and the fat, in order upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:
Acts 8:15  Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost:
Ruth 1:19  So they two went until they came to Bethlehem. And it came to pass, when they were come to Bethlehem, that all the city was moved about them, and they said, Is this Naomi?
Genesis 19:20  Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live.
2 Kings 14:15  Now the rest of the acts of Jehoash which he did, and his might, and how he fought with Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Numbers 6:7  He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the consecration of his God is upon his head.
John 12:16  These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him.
2 Kings 18:20  Thou sayest, (but they are but vain words,) I have counsel and strength for the war. Now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?
1 Corinthians 10:15  I speak as to wise men; judge ye what I say.
Romans 5:13  (For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law.
Matthew 8:15  And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them.
Micah 1:7  And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces, and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire, and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot, and they shall return to the hire of an harlot.
Revelation 14:20  And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.
1 Timothy 3:11  Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things.
2 Corinthians 8:12  For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.
John 10:19  There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings.
Isaiah 2:5  O house of Jacob, come ye, and let us walk in the light of the LORD.
Acts 16:34  And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.
Daniel 1:12  Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink.
1 Chronicles 1:5  The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
2 Timothy 1:15  This thou knowest, that all they which are in Asia be turned away from me; of whom are Phygellus and Hermogenes.
Micah 6:9  The LORD’S voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it.
Ezra 4:5  And hired counsellors against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia.
Mark 9:18  And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.
Isaiah 11:16  And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria; like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up out of the land of Egypt.
Job 6:7  The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat.
2 Corinthians 10:17  But he that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.
Isaiah 5:8  Woe unto them that join house to house, that lay field to field, till there be no place, that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth!
Joel 1:13  Gird yourselves, and lament, ye priests: howl, ye ministers of the altar: come, lie all night in sackcloth, ye ministers of my God: for the meat offering and the drink offering is withholden from the house of your God.
1 Kings 1:14  Behold, while thou yet talkest there with the king, I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy words.
Nehemiah 7:8  The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Acts 16:20  And brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city,
Hebrews 11:19  Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure.
1 Timothy 5:9  Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having been the wife of one man,
2 Kings 1:18  Now the rest of the acts of Ahaziah which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Samuel 18:19  Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, Let me now run, and bear the king tidings, how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies.
Hebrews 11:21  By faith Jacob, when he was a dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph; and worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff.
1 Corinthians 7:13  And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not, and if he be pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him.
Mark 4:7  And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit.
Esther 1:5  And when these days were expired, the king made a feast unto all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king’s palace;
2 Kings 6:8  Then the king of Syria warred against Israel, and took counsel with his servants, saying, In such and such a place shall be my camp.
John 8:18  I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me.
2 Corinthians 1:18  But as God is true, our word toward you was not yea and nay.
Mark 14:18  And as they sat and did eat, Jesus said, Verily I say unto you, One of you which eateth with me shall betray me.
Judges 5:6  In the days of Shamgar the son of Anath, in the days of Jael, the highways were unoccupied, and the travelers walked through byways.
Lamentations 1:5  Her adversaries are the chief, her enemies prosper; for the LORD hath afflicted her for the multitude of her transgressions: her children are gone into captivity before the enemy.
Proverbs 1:21  She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying,
Amos 2:3  And I will cut off the judge from the midst thereof, and will slay all the princes thereof with him, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 1:24  Therefore saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies:
2 Chronicles 5:6  Also king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel that were assembled unto him before the ark, sacrificed sheep and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude.
Judges 1:6  But Adoni-bezek fled; and they pursued after him, and caught him, and cut off his thumbs and his great toes.
Leviticus 1:11  And he shall kill it on the side of the altar northward before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron’s sons, shall sprinkle his blood round about upon the altar.
1 Corinthians 8:12  But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, ye sin against Christ.
Romans 14:18  For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men.
Lamentations 1:4  The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts: all her gates are desolate: her priests sigh, her virgins are afflicted, and she is in bitterness.
Nehemiah 1:9  But if ye turn unto me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from thence, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there.
Job 10:11  Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh, and hast fenced me with bones and sinews.
Hebrews 11:18  Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be called:
Luke 12:21  So is he that layeth up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God.
Psalms 5:6  Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man.
2 Kings 5:7  And it came to pass, when the king of Israel had read the letter, that he rent his clothes, and said, Am I God, to kill and to make alive, that this man doth send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy? wherefore consider, I pray you, and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me.
Amos 1:8  And I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod, and him that holdeth the sceptre from Ashkelon, and I will turn mine hand against Ekron: and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish, saith the Lord GOD.
Daniel 9:13  As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come upon us: yet made we not our prayer before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, and understand thy truth.
Isaiah 8:10  Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us.
Deuteronomy 11:12  A land which the LORD thy God careth for: the eyes of the LORD thy God are always upon it, from the beginning of the year even unto the end of the year.
Acts 19:22  So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season.
Ezekiel 1:9  Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they went every one straight forward.
Colossians 1:29  Whereunto I also labour, striving according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.
Ezekiel 1:7  And their feet were straight feet; and the sole of their feet was like the sole of a calf’s foot: and they sparkled like the colour of burnished brass.
Habakkuk 1:6  For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces that are not theirs.
1 Kings 7:8  And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, which was of the like work. Solomon made also an house for Pharaoh’s daughter, whom he had taken to wife, like unto this porch.
Judges 1:10  And Judah went against the Canaanites that dwelt in Hebron: (now the name of Hebron before was Kirjath-arba:) and they slew Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai.
Numbers 21:22  Let me pass through thy land: we will not turn into the fields, or into the vineyards; we will not drink of the waters of the well: but we will go along by the king’s high way, until we be past thy borders.
Luke 18:25  For it is easier for a camel to go through a needle’s eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Mark 12:19  Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man’s brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
Job 15:16  How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water?
Judges 1:7  And Adoni-bezek said, Threescore and ten kings, having their thumbs and their great toes cut off, gathered their meat under my table: as I have done, so God hath requited me. And they brought him to Jerusalem, and there he died.
Daniel 1:9  Now God had brought Daniel into favour and tender love with the prince of the eunuchs.
Numbers 15:16  One law and one manner shall be for you, and for the stranger that sojourneth with you.
Luke 19:22  And he saith unto him, Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, thou wicked servant. Thou knewest that I was an austere man, taking up that I laid not down, and reaping that I did not sow:
Zechariah 1:10  And the man that stood among the myrtle trees answered and said, These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the earth.
Proverbs 1:19  So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof.
1 Samuel 15:17  And Samuel said, When thou wast little in thine own sight, wast thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel, and the LORD anointed thee king over Israel?
1 Samuel 2:4  The bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded with strength.
Deuteronomy 1:13  Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you.
Ephesians 5:13  But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.
Mark 6:10  And he said unto them, In what place soever ye enter into an house, there abide till ye depart from that place.
Zechariah 1:11  And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest.
Isaiah 1:23  Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one loveth gifts, and followeth after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them.
Matthew 3:9  And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.
Ezekiel 1:11  Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies.
2 Kings 15:16  Then Menahem smote Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up.
Ezekiel 1:10  As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle.
Judges 11:12  And Jephthah sent messengers unto the king of the children of Ammon, saying, What hast thou to do with me, that thou art come against me to fight in my land?
Deuteronomy 12:13  Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in every place that thou seest:
Deuteronomy 1:21  Behold, the LORD thy God hath set the land before thee: go up and possess it, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath said unto thee; fear not, neither be discouraged.
Numbers 23:24  Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion, and lift up himself as a young lion: he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey, and drink the blood of the slain.
Zephaniah 2:3  Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek righteousness, seek meekness: it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD’S anger.
Ezekiel 3:4  And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words unto them.
Proverbs 11:13  A talebearer revealeth secrets: but he that is of a faithful spirit concealeth the matter.
1 Samuel 3:5  And he ran unto Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou calledst me. And he said, I called not; lie down again. And he went and lay down.
Zechariah 1:9  Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the angel that talked with me said unto me, I will shew thee what these be.
Joel 2:8  Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded.
Judges 7:8  So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained those three hundred men: and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley.
Genesis 5:8  And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
2 Corinthians 9:13  Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify God for your professed subjection unto the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal distribution unto them, and unto all men;
Acts 9:14  And here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name.
Malachi 1:12  But ye have profaned it, in that ye say, The table of the LORD is polluted; and the fruit thereof, even his meat, is contemptible.
Proverbs 12:14  A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth: and the recompense of a man’s hands shall be rendered unto him.
2 Chronicles 1:5  Moreover the brasen altar, that Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, had made, he put before the tabernacle of the LORD: and Solomon and the congregation sought unto it.
Hebrews 13:21  Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Luke 9:16  Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.
Job 21:22  Shall any teach God knowledge? seeing he judgeth those that are high.
Esther 1:7  And they gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king.
2 Samuel 1:27  How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished!
1 Samuel 18:19  But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul’s daughter should have been given to David, that she was given unto Adriel the Meholathite to wife.
Matthew 25:27  Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.
Genesis 21:23  Now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son’s son: but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned.
2 Thessalonians 2:6  And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time.
Ezekiel 1:19  And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up.
Job 11:13  If thou prepare thine heart, and stretch out thine hands toward him;
Acts 3:9  And all the people saw him walking and praising God:
Hosea 9:10  I found Israel like grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers as the firstripe in the fig tree at her first time: but they went to Baal-peor, and separated themselves unto that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved.
Leviticus 1:17  And he shall cleave it with the wings thereof, but shall not divide it asunder: and the priest shall burn it upon the altar, upon the wood that is upon the fire: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.
Zechariah 4:5  Then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my lord.
Zephaniah 1:5  And them that worship the host of heaven upon the housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham;
Deuteronomy 3:4  And we took all his cities at that time, there was not a city which we took not from them, threescore cities, all the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan.
Jude 1:17  But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ;
Acts 28:29  And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, and had great reasoning among themselves.
John 9:14  And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes.
Job 2:4  And Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life.
1 Corinthians 1:15  Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name.
1 Timothy 3:9  Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.
John 12:17  The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record.
1 Samuel 4:5  And when the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the camp, all Israel shouted with a great shout, so that the earth rang again.
Numbers 7:8  And four wagons and eight oxen he gave unto the sons of Merari, according unto their service, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Joshua 8:9  Joshua therefore sent them forth: and they went to lie in ambush, and abode between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of Ai: but Joshua lodged that night among the people.
Daniel 1:21  And Daniel continued even unto the first year of king Cyrus.
Isaiah 13:14  And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land.
Esther 4:5  Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king’s chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was.
1 Kings 11:13  Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one tribe to thy son for David my servant’s sake, and for Jerusalem’s sake which I have chosen.
1 Kings 1:18  And now, behold, Adonijah reigneth; and now, my lord the king, thou knowest it not:
Philemon 1:4  I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,
Titus 2:8  Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.
Esther 1:9  Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house which belonged to king Ahasuerus.
Philippians 1:24  Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you.
Micah 1:6  Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof.
1 Kings 17:19  And he said unto her, Give me thy son. And he took him out of her bosom, and carried him up into a loft, where he abode, and laid him upon his own bed.
Zechariah 9:11  As for thee also, by the blood of thy covenant I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water.
2 Kings 20:21  And Hezekiah slept with his fathers: and Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.
Acts 12:16  But Peter continued knocking: and when they had opened the door, and saw him, they were astonished.
Amos 1:11  Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Edom, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he did pursue his brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever:
Amos 1:10  But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces thereof.
2 Kings 7:8  And when these lepers came to the uttermost part of the camp, they went into one tent, and did eat and drink, and carried thence silver, and gold, and raiment, and went and hid it; and came again, and entered into another tent, and carried thence also, and went and hid it.
1 Kings 1:16  And Bath-sheba bowed, and did obeisance unto the king. And the king said, What wouldest thou?
Acts 16:21  And teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans.
Hosea 6:8  Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood.
Romans 11:19  Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in.
Zechariah 1:14  So the angel that communed with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem and for Zion with a great jealousy.
Micah 7:9  I will bear the indignation of the LORD, because I have sinned against him, until he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the light, and I shall behold his righteousness.
Revelation 4:7  And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle.
Lamentations 2:3  He hath cut off in his fierce anger all the horn of Israel: he hath drawn back his right hand from before the enemy, and he burned against Jacob like a flaming fire, which devoureth round about.
1 Chronicles 1:6  And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
2 Kings 9:11  Then Jehu came forth to the servants of his lord: and one said unto him, Is all well? wherefore came this mad fellow to thee? And he said unto them, Ye know the man, and his communication.
Acts 22:24  The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him.
1 Samuel 23:24  And they arose, and went to Ziph before Saul: but David and his men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south of Jeshimon.
Ruth 1:21  I went out full, and the LORD hath brought me home again empty: why then call ye me Naomi, seeing the LORD hath testified against me, and the Almighty hath afflicted me?
Revelation 11:14  The second woe is past; and, behold, the third woe cometh quickly.
Nahum 1:8  But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of the place thereof, and darkness shall pursue his enemies.
Proverbs 15:17  Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
1 Samuel 5:7  And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us: for his hand is sore upon us, and upon Dagon our god.
Joshua 2:3  And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the men that are come to thee, which are entered into thine house: for they be come to search out all the country.
Daniel 1:17  As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams.
Proverbs 1:24  Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded;
2 Chronicles 1:9  Now, O LORD God, let thy promise unto David my father be established: for thou hast made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude.
Genesis 5:7  And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters:
Acts 12:15  And they said unto her, Thou art mad. But she constantly affirmed that it was even so. Then said they, It is his angel.
Job 14:16  For now thou numberest my steps: dost thou not watch over my sin?
Ezra 3:5  And afterward offered the continual burnt offering, both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto the LORD.
2 Kings 13:14  Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died. And Joash the king of Israel came down unto him, and wept over his face, and said, O my father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof.
2 Kings 1:14  Behold, there came fire down from heaven, and burnt up the two captains of the former fifties with their fifties: therefore let my life now be precious in thy sight.
Matthew 11:14  And if ye will receive it, this is Elias, which was for to come.
Isaiah 7:11  Ask thee a sign of the LORD thy God; ask it either in the depth, or in the height above.
1 Kings 21:22  And will make thine house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah, for the provocation wherewith thou hast provoked me to anger, and made Israel to sin.
John 1:38  Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwellest thou?
Malachi 1:13  Ye said also, Behold, what a weariness is it! and ye have snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought that which was torn, and the lame, and the sick; thus ye brought an offering: should I accept this of your hand? saith the LORD.
Daniel 9:14  Therefore hath the LORD watched upon the evil, and brought it upon us: for the LORD our God is righteous in all his works which he doeth: for we obeyed not his voice.
Psalms 3:4  I cried unto the LORD with my voice, and he heard me out of his holy hill. Selah.
2 Chronicles 7:9  And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast seven days.
2 Samuel 23:24  Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty; Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,
Hebrews 7:12  For the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law.
John 11:15  And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, to the intent ye may believe; nevertheless let us go unto him.
Song of Solomon 2:4  He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love.
1 Kings 5:7  And it came to pass, when Hiram heard the words of Solomon, that he rejoiced greatly, and said, Blessed be the LORD this day, which hath given unto David a wise son over this great people.
1 Timothy 1:20  Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme.
Ezekiel 1:20  Whithersoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their spirit to go; and the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
2 Peter 2:8  (For that righteous man dwelling among them, in seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds;)
Romans 15:18  For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed,
Acts 9:16  For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name’s sake.
Ezekiel 1:15  Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel upon the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces.
Esther 1:12  But the queen Vashti refused to come at the king’s commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned in him.
2 Samuel 22:23  For all his judgments were before me: and as for his statutes, I did not depart from them.
1 Samuel 22:23  Abide thou with me, fear not: for he that seeketh my life seeketh thy life: but with me thou shalt be in safeguard.
Luke 7:13  And when the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said unto her, Weep not.
Amos 1:15  And their king shall go into captivity, he and his princes together, saith the LORD.
2 Chronicles 15:16  And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king, he removed her from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove: and Asa cut down her idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kidron.
2 Samuel 4:5  And the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, Rechab and Baanah, went, and came about the heat of the day to the house of Ish-bosheth, who lay on a bed at noon.
2 Corinthians 7:11  For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.
Genesis 3:18  Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field;
Zechariah 2:3  And, behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him,
Micah 1:8  Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and naked: I will make a wailing like the dragons, and mourning as the owls.
2 Timothy 1:17  But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me.
Luke 14:18  And they all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground, and I must needs go and see it: I pray thee have me excused.
Matthew 4:9  And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.
1 John 5:15  And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.
2 Corinthians 1:16  And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea.
John 12:15  Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass’s colt.
Joel 1:17  The seed is rotten under their clods, the garners are laid desolate, the barns are broken down; for the corn is withered.
Proverbs 3:8  It shall be health to thy navel, and marrow to thy bones.
1 Chronicles 1:8  The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
Revelation 2:6  But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate.
Matthew 8:13  And Jesus said unto the centurion, Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour.
Exodus 12:19  Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel, whether he be a stranger, or born in the land.
Exodus 7:9  When Pharaoh shall speak unto you, saying, Shew a miracle for you: then thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent.
Romans 11:21  For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.
Numbers 1:11  Of Benjamin; Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Philippians 1:25  And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith;
Daniel 5:7  The king cried aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers. And the king spake, and said to the wise men of Babylon, Whosoever shall read this writing, and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom.
Ezekiel 1:13  As for the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning.
1 Samuel 16:18  Then answered one of the servants, and said, Behold, I have seen a son of Jesse the Bethlehemite, that is cunning in playing, and a mighty valiant man, and a man of war, and prudent in matters, and a comely person, and the LORD is with him.
Jude 1:15  To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.
2 Peter 3:12  Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat?
Ecclesiastes 1:17  And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit.
Leviticus 1:13  But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.
Galatians 2:6  But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man’s person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me:
Mark 2:8  And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, he said unto them, Why reason ye these things in your hearts?
Judges 10:11  And the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Did not I deliver you from the Egyptians, and from the Amorites, from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines?
Deuteronomy 2:3  Ye have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you northward.
Obadiah 1:5  If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee, would they not leave some grapes?
1 Kings 15:16  And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days.
1 Kings 1:17  And she said unto him, My lord, thou swarest by the LORD thy God unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne.
Hebrews 8:11  And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the Lord: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.
2 Corinthians 8:16  But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you.
1 Corinthians 12:19  And if they were all one member, where were the body?
Luke 16:20  And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores,
Zechariah 1:12  Then the angel of the LORD answered and said, O LORD of hosts, how long wilt thou not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which thou hast had indignation these threescore and ten years?
1 Kings 12:14  And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
Leviticus 4:5  And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock’s blood, and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation:
2 Corinthians 1:14  As also ye have acknowledged us in part, that we are your rejoicing, even as ye also are ours in the day of the Lord Jesus.
Job 31:32  The stranger did not lodge in the street: but I opened my doors to the traveller.
Esther 1:11  To bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to shew the people and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on.
2 Kings 1:16  And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Forasmuch as thou hast sent messengers to enquire of Baal-zebub the god of Ekron, is it not because there is no God in Israel to enquire of his word? therefore thou shalt not come down off that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die.
Jude 1:16  These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men’s persons in admiration because of advantage.
Micah 1:10  Declare ye it not at Gath, weep ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust.
Joel 2:7  They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:
2 Samuel 2:4  And the men of Judah came, and there they anointed David king over the house of Judah. And they told David, saying, That the men of Jabesh-gilead were they that buried Saul.
Deuteronomy 1:10  The LORD your God hath multiplied you, and, behold, ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude.
Matthew 11:15  He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Esther 2:3  And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women unto the custody of Hege the king’s chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be given them:
Esther 1:13  Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so was the king’s manner toward all that knew law and judgment:
Exodus 19:21  And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish.
Luke 17:25  But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation.
Ezra 9:11  Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness.
1 Corinthians 3:8  Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour.
Luke 19:23  Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury?
Amos 8:10  And I will turn your feasts into mourning, and all your songs into lamentation; and I will bring up sackcloth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the end thereof as a bitter day.
Lamentations 4:5  They that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets: they that were brought up in scarlet embrace dunghills.
Ezra 4:6  And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem.
1 Samuel 19:20  And Saul sent messengers to take David: and when they saw the company of the prophets prophesying, and Samuel standing as appointed over them, the Spirit of God was upon the messengers of Saul, and they also prophesied.
Titus 3:12  When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.
Daniel 1:14  So he consented to them in this matter, and proved them ten days.
Ecclesiastes 1:15  That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered.
2 Chronicles 1:6  And Solomon went up thither to the brasen altar before the LORD, which was at the tabernacle of the congregation, and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it.
1 Chronicles 4:5  And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.
Judges 1:8  Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem, and had taken it, and smitten it with the edge of the sword, and set the city on fire.
Deuteronomy 13:14  Then shalt thou enquire, and make search, and ask diligently; and, behold, if it be truth, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought among you;
Hebrews 11:20  By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come.
1 Corinthians 1:22  For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:
Zephaniah 1:6  And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him.
Micah 5:8  And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver.
2 Chronicles 20:21  And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto the LORD, and that should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the LORD; for his mercy endureth for ever.
Deuteronomy 4:8  And what nation is there so great, that hath statutes and judgments so righteous as all this law, which I set before you this day?
Exodus 9:11  And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils; for the boil was upon the magicians, and upon all the Egyptians.
Nahum 1:9  What do ye imagine against the LORD? he will make an utter end: affliction shall not rise up the second time.
1 Chronicles 1:7  And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
1 Kings 9:11  (Now Hiram the king of Tyre had furnished Solomon with cedar trees and fir trees, and with gold, according to all his desire,) that then king Solomon gave Hiram twenty cities in the land of Galilee.
Deuteronomy 1:15  So I took the chief of your tribes, wise men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes.
Leviticus 8:9  And he put the mitre upon his head; also upon the mitre, even upon his forefront, did he put the golden plate, the holy crown; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Genesis 18:21  I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.
1 Timothy 6:13  I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession;
1 Corinthians 16:18  For they have refreshed my spirit and yours: therefore acknowledge ye them that are such.
Matthew 20:22  But Jesus answered and said, Ye know not what ye ask. Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They say unto him, We are able.
Isaiah 6:13  But yet in it shall be a tenth, and it shall return, and shall be eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when they cast their leaves: so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof.
1 Kings 6:8  The door for the middle chamber was in the right side of the house: and they went up with winding stairs into the middle chamber, and out of the middle into the third.
2 Corinthians 8:13  For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened:
Obadiah 1:6  How are the things of Esau searched out! how are his hidden things sought up!
Ezekiel 1:12  And they went every one straight forward: whither the spirit was to go, they went; and they turned not when they went.
Isaiah 1:27  Zion shall be redeemed with judgment, and her converts with righteousness.
Ecclesiastes 8:9  All this have I seen, and applied my heart unto every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt.
2 Kings 21:22  And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers, and walked not in the way of the LORD.
Numbers 11:13  Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat.
Numbers 1:12  Of Dan; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Genesis 6:10  And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
John 15:23  He that hateth me hateth my Father also.
1 Kings 1:15  And Bath-sheba went in unto the king into the chamber: and the king was very old; and Abishag the Shunammite ministered unto the king.
Judges 16:17  That he told her all his heart, and said unto her. There hath not come a razor upon mine head; for I have been a Nazarite unto God from my mother’s womb: if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other man.
Judges 1:9  And afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites, that dwelt in the mountain, and in the south, and in the valley.
Hebrews 7:13  For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar.
Revelation 11:16  And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their seats, fell upon their faces, and worshipped God,
Mark 8:14  Now the disciples had forgotten to take bread, neither had they in the ship with them more than one loaf.
Zechariah 1:13  And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and comfortable words.
Jeremiah 8:9  The wise men are ashamed, they are dismayed and taken: lo, they have rejected the word of the LORD; and what wisdom is in them?
Nehemiah 2:3  And said unto the king, Let the king live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers’ sepulchres, lieth waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with fire?
1 Kings 13:14  And went after the man of God, and found him sitting under an oak: and he said unto him, Art thou the man of God that camest from Judah? And he said, I am.
Deuteronomy 8:11  Beware that thou forget not the LORD thy God, in not keeping his commandments, and his judgments, and his statutes, which I command thee this day:
Revelation 16:18  And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.
James 4:16  But now ye rejoice in your boastings: all such rejoicing is evil.
Proverbs 30:31  A greyhound; an he goat also; and a king, against whom there is no rising up.
2 Samuel 8:10  Then Toi sent Joram his son unto king David, to salute him, and to bless him, because he had fought against Hadadezer, and smitten him: for Hadadezer had wars with Toi. And Joram brought with him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessels of brass:
Exodus 10:11  Not so: go now ye that are men, and serve the LORD; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh’s presence.
Jude 1:18  How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts.
James 2:7  Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called?
2 Corinthians 5:13  For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause.
Acts 18:21  But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus.
Jeremiah 4:6  Set up the standard toward Zion: retire, stay not: for I will bring evil from the north, and a great destruction.
Proverbs 21:22  A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the strength of the confidence thereof.
Proverbs 14:16  A wise man feareth, and departeth from evil: but the fool rageth, and is confident.
Job 20:21  There shall none of his meat be left; therefore shall no man look for his goods.
1 Kings 10:12  And the king made of the almug trees pillars for the house of the LORD, and for the king’s house, harps also and psalteries for singers: there came no such almug trees, nor were seen unto this day.
2 Samuel 6:8  And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzzah: and he called the name of the place Perez-uzzah to this day.
Luke 9:15  And they did so, and made them all sit down.
Leviticus 1:14  And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the LORD be of fowls, then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves, or of young pigeons.
Acts 13:21  And afterward they desired a king: and God gave unto them Saul the son of Cis, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, by the space of forty years.
Luke 4:11  And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.
Hosea 7:8  Ephraim, he hath mixed himself among the people; Ephraim is a cake not turned.
1 Kings 20:21  And the king of Israel went out, and smote the horses and chariots, and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter.
1 Samuel 12:14  If ye will fear the LORD, and serve him, and obey his voice, and not rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall both ye and also the king that reigneth over you continue following the LORD your God:
Exodus 15:17  Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of thine inheritance, in the place, O LORD, which thou hast made for thee to dwell in, in the Sanctuary, O Lord, which thy hands have established.
John 13:19  Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am he.
Matthew 2:5  And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judaea: for thus it is written by the prophet,
Joel 1:20  The beasts of the field cry also unto thee: for the rivers of waters are dried up, and the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness.
Ezekiel 20:21  Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my statutes, neither kept my judgments to do them, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; they polluted my sabbaths: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness.
Romans 11:18  Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.
Matthew 13:21  Yet hath he not root in himself, but dureth for a while: for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word, by and by he is offended.
Matthew 4:11  Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him.
Daniel 1:13  Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king’s meat: and as thou seest, deal with thy servants.
2 Peter 2:7  And delivered just Lot, vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked:
2 Corinthians 3:7  But if the ministration of death, written and engraven in stones, was glorious, so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance; which glory was to be done away:
Hosea 2:4  And I will not have mercy upon her children; for they be the children of whoredoms.
Hebrews 3:9  When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years.
Joel 3:6  The children also of Judah and the children of Jerusalem have ye sold unto the Grecians, that ye might remove them far from their border.
Esther 1:14  And the next unto him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king’s face, and which sat the first in the kingdom;)
2 Samuel 19:20  For thy servant doth know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king.
Mark 10:31  But many that are first shall be last; and the last first.
Proverbs 7:8  Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,
Ezra 10:11  Now therefore make confession unto the LORD God of your fathers, and do his pleasure: and separate yourselves from the people of the land, and from the strange wives.
Leviticus 1:12  And he shall cut it into his pieces, with his head and his fat: and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:
2 Corinthians 2:4  For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears; not that ye should be grieved, but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you.
Matthew 25:28  Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents.
1 Chronicles 15:16  And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of musick, psalteries and harps and cymbals, sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy.
Exodus 13:15  And it came to pass, when Pharaoh would hardly let us go, that the LORD slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both the firstborn of man, and the firstborn of beast: therefore I sacrifice to the LORD all that openeth the matrix, being males; but all the firstborn of my children I redeem.
Philippians 1:28  And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.
Malachi 2:4  And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, that my covenant might be with Levi, saith the LORD of hosts.
Joel 1:18  How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yea, the flocks of sheep are made desolate.
Acts 11:17  Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us, who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ; what was I, that I could withstand God?
Matthew 25:37  Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?
Micah 2:3  Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, against this family do I devise an evil, from which ye shall not remove your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil.
Micah 1:9  For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto Judah; he is come unto the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem.
Amos 1:14  But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall devour the palaces thereof, with shouting in the day of battle, with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind:
Ecclesiastes 1:16  I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to great estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem: yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge.
Esther 1:17  For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not.
2 Chronicles 1:8  And Solomon said unto God, Thou hast shewed great mercy unto David my father, and hast made me to reign in his stead.
Nahum 1:10  For while they be folden together as thorns, and while they are drunken as drunkards, they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry.
Isaiah 3:5  And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable.
Job 22:23  If thou return to the Almighty, thou shalt be built up, thou shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles.
1 Chronicles 1:11  And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Napthtuhim,
2 Kings 10:12  And he arose and departed, and came to Samaria. And as he was at the shearing house in the way,
Mark 8:16  And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have no bread.
2 Chronicles 1:7  In that night did God appear unto Solomon, and said unto him, Ask what I shall give thee.
2 Kings 1:17  So he died according to the word of the LORD which Elijah had spoken. And Jehoram reigned in his stead in the second year of Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah; because he had no son.
1 Timothy 1:19  Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:
John 1:36  And looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God!
Ruth 3:4  And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and lay thee down; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do.
1 Corinthians 12:18  But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him.
John 6:19  So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid.
Jeremiah 23:25  I have heard what the prophets said, that prophesy lies in my name, saying, I have dreamed, I have dreamed.
1 Kings 8:11  So that the priests could not stand to minister because of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD.
Hebrews 12:17  For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.
Mark 9:15  And straightway all the people, when they beheld him, were greatly amazed, and running to him saluted him.
Leviticus 5:6  And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD for his sin which he hath sinned, a female from the flock, a lamb or a kid of the goats, for a sin offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his sin.
1 Chronicles 3:4  These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
Habakkuk 1:7  They are terrible and dreadful: their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves.
Esther 1:22  For he sent letters into all the king’s provinces, into every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people.
2 Chronicles 1:11  And God said to Solomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honour, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself, that thou mayest judge my people, over whom I have made thee king:
1 Samuel 1:26  And she said, Oh my lord, as thy soul liveth, my lord, I am the woman that stood by thee here, praying unto the LORD.
2 Corinthians 1:15  And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that ye might have a second benefit;
Zechariah 7:8  And the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah, saying,
Zechariah 1:15  And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction.
Nehemiah 9:12  Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they should go.
2 Samuel 10:11  And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will come and help thee.
1 Thessalonians 4:10  And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia: but we beseech you, brethren, that ye increase more and more;
Philippians 1:26  That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again.
John 18:25  And Simon Peter stood and warmed himself. They said therefore unto him, Art not thou also one of his disciples? He denied it, and said, I am not.
Daniel 6:8  Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.
Nehemiah 10:11  Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah,
2 Chronicles 9:10  And the servants also of Huram, and the servants of Solomon, which brought gold from Ophir, brought algum trees and precious stones.
2 Chronicles 3:4  And the porch that was in the front of the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure gold.
Numbers 10:11  And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony.
1 Corinthians 4:8  Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you.
Nahum 1:11  There is one come out of thee, that imagineth evil against the LORD, a wicked counsellor.
Job 8:10  Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart?
2 Kings 1:15  And the angel of the LORD said unto Elijah, Go down with him: be not afraid of him. And he arose, and went down with him unto the king.
1 Kings 16:17  And Omri went up from Gibbethon, and all Israel with him, and they besieged Tirzah.
1 Kings 1:20  And thou, my lord, O king, the eyes of all Israel are upon thee, that thou shouldest tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him.
Deuteronomy 1:12  How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your burden, and your strife?
Numbers 12:14  And the LORD said unto Moses, If her father had but spit in her face, should she not be ashamed seven days? let her be shut out from the camp seven days, and after that let her be received in again.
James 3:7  For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind:
Joel 1:16  Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?
2 Kings 17:19  Also Judah kept not the commandments of the LORD their God, but walked in the statutes of Israel which they made.
1 Samuel 7:9  And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it for a burnt offering wholly unto the LORD: and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel; and the LORD heard him.
Exodus 22:23  If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry;
Philemon 1:5  Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;
Haggai 1:9  Ye looked for much, and, lo, it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Why? saith the LORD of hosts. Because of mine house that is waste, and ye run every man unto his own house.
2 Kings 12:14  But they gave that to the workmen, and repaired therewith the house of the LORD.
Galatians 4:10  Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years.
1 Corinthians 3:7  So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase.
Luke 11:18  If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? because ye say that I cast out devils through Beelzebub.
Psalms 4:5  Offer the sacrifices of righteousness, and put your trust in the LORD.
1 Chronicles 9:10  And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin,
1 Kings 1:19  And he hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the sons of the king, and Abiathar the priest, and Joab the captain of the host: but Solomon thy servant hath he not called.
2 Samuel 5:8  And David said on that day, Whosoever getteth up to the gutter, and smiteth the Jebusites, and the lame and the blind, that are hated of David’s soul, he shall be chief and captain. Wherefore they said, The blind and the lame shall not come into the house.
2 Kings 16:17  And king Ahaz cut off the borders of the bases, and removed the laver from off them; and took down the sea from off the brasen oxen that were under it, and put it upon a pavement of stones.
Genesis 12:18  And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?
Romans 11:20  Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:
Zephaniah 1:7  Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a sacrifice, he hath bid his guests.
Isaiah 1:26  And I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counsellors as at the beginning: afterward thou shalt be called, The city of righteousness, the faithful city.
Esther 1:8  And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to every man’s pleasure.
Acts 24:26  He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul, that he might loose him: wherefore he sent for him the oftener, and communed with him.
John 3:25  Then there arose a question between some of John’s disciples and the Jews about purifying.
2 Corinthians 6:9  As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;
Acts 14:18  And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice unto them.
Acts 3:10  And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple: and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him.
Nehemiah 12:13  Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan;
1 Chronicles 11:12  And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three mighties.
1 Kings 1:21  Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders.
Jude 1:21  Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.
2 Corinthians 1:22  Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.
Zechariah 1:17  Cry yet, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad; and the LORD shall yet comfort Zion, and shall yet choose Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 12:13  Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh.
1 Thessalonians 3:6  But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you:
Luke 19:31  And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him.
Zechariah 10:11  And he shall pass through the sea with affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the river shall dry up: and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away.
Ezekiel 1:24  And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, like the noise of great waters, as the voice of the Almighty, the voice of speech, as the noise of an host: when they stood, they let down their wings.
Isaiah 8:11  For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying,
John 1:39  He saith unto them, Come and see. They came and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day: for it was about the tenth hour.
Mark 10:22  And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions.
Daniel 4:7  Then came in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers: and I told the dream before them; but they did not make known unto me the interpretation thereof.
Isaiah 9:13  For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them, neither do they seek the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 6:12  And the LORD have removed men far away, and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land.
2 Samuel 7:10  Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime,
Habakkuk 1:11  Then shall his mind change, and he shall pass over, and offend, imputing this his power unto his god.
Revelation 7:12  Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen.
1 Thessalonians 2:6  Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ.
1 Corinthians 8:13  Wherefore, if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend.
Amos 1:12  But I will send a fire upon Teman, which shall devour the palaces of Bozrah.
2 Samuel 3:5  And the sixth, Ithream, by Eglah David’s wife. These were born to David in Hebron.
John 10:21  Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?
Micah 1:11  Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Beth-ezel; he shall receive of you his standing.
Exodus 20:24  An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy burnt offerings, and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and thine oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come unto thee, and I will bless thee.
1 Corinthians 12:20  But now are they many members, yet but one body.
Habakkuk 1:8  Their horses also are swifter than the leopards, and are more fierce than the evening wolves: and their horsemen shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall come from far; they shall fly as the eagle that hasteth to eat.
Micah 1:13  O thou inhabitant of Lachish, bind the chariot to the swift beast: she is the beginning of the sin to the daughter of Zion: for the transgressions of Israel were found in thee.
Leviticus 10:11  And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses.
Leviticus 1:15  And the priest shall bring it unto the altar, and wring off his head, and burn it on the altar; and the blood thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar:
Haggai 1:8  Go up to the mountain, and bring wood, and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 10:12  Wherefore it shall come to pass, that when the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on Jerusalem, I will punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of his high looks.
1 Timothy 5:10  Well reported of for good works; if she have brought up children, if she have lodged strangers, if she have washed the saints’ feet, if she have relieved the afflicted, if she have diligently followed every good work.
Hosea 10:11  And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods.
2 Kings 19:21  This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The virgin the daughter of Zion hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee.
2 Samuel 11:13  And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drunk: and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house.
Exodus 12:16  And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you.
Galatians 6:13  For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh.
Amos 1:13  Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their border:
2 Chronicles 1:12  Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and honour, such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like.
Deuteronomy 1:16  And I charged your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between your brethren, and judge righteously between every man and his brother, and the stranger that is with him.
Hebrews 2:8  Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him.
Philippians 1:30  Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me.
Luke 5:9  For he was astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken:
Zephaniah 1:8  And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD’S sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king’s children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel.
Proverbs 1:28  Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me:
Ezra 7:9  For upon the first day of the first month began he to go up from Babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month came he to Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his God upon him.
Deuteronomy 1:19  And when we departed from Horeb, we went through all that great and terrible wilderness, which ye saw by the way of the mountain of the Amorites, as the LORD our God commanded us; and we came to Kadesh-barnea.
Titus 3:14  And let ours also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful.
Isaiah 6:11  Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate,
Judges 1:12  And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjath-sepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife.
Numbers 1:17  And Moses and Aaron took these men which are expressed by their names:
2 Chronicles 12:13  So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother’s name was Naamah an Ammonitess.
1 Samuel 6:8  And take the ark of the LORD, and lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return him for a trespass offering, in a coffer by the side thereof; and send it away, that it may go.
Deuteronomy 16:17  Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee.
Malachi 3:11  And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts.
Daniel 2:5  The king answered and said to the Chaldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known unto me the dream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces, and your houses shall be made a dunghill.
1 Chronicles 1:12  And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.
1 Corinthians 9:14  Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel.
Luke 12:31  But rather seek ye the kingdom of God; and all these things shall be added unto you.
Mark 9:20  And they brought him unto him: and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on the ground, and wallowed foaming.
Micah 1:12  For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good: but evil came down from the LORD unto the gate of Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 1:14  And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning.
Isaiah 1:31  And the strong shall be as tow, and the maker of it as a spark, and they shall both burn together, and none shall quench them.
Joshua 3:5  And Joshua said unto the people, Sanctify yourselves: for to morrow the LORD will do wonders among you.
Malachi 3:9  Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation.
Jeremiah 5:7  How shall I pardon thee for this? thy children have forsaken me, and sworn by them that are no gods: when I had fed them to the full, they then committed adultery, and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots’ houses.
Hebrews 10:18  Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.
Hebrews 4:10  For he that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his.
Philemon 1:6  That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 6:19  Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.
Luke 3:10  And the people asked him, saying, What shall we do then?
Isaiah 9:14  Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day.
1 Kings 8:12  Then spake Solomon, The LORD said that he would dwell in thick darkness.
John 7:15  And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned?
Jeremiah 10:14  Every man is brutish in his knowledge: every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.
2 Samuel 1:26  I am distressed for thee, my brother Jonathan: very pleasant hast thou been unto me: thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women.
Judges 1:11  And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjath-sepher:
Revelation 8:10  And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;
1 Timothy 3:10  And let these also first be proved; then let them use the office of a deacon, being found blameless.
Galatians 6:12  As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ.
Nahum 1:15  Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace! O Judah, keep thy solemn feasts, perform thy vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly cut off.
Jeremiah 14:15  Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say, Sword and famine shall not be in this land; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed.
1 Chronicles 1:10  And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.
Exodus 18:23  If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace.
1 Peter 4:13  But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ’s sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.
Hebrews 10:17  And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.
2 Corinthians 8:15  As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack.
Isaiah 1:28  And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed.
Job 12:14  Behold, he breaketh down, and it cannot be built again: he shutteth up a man, and there can be no opening.
1 Chronicles 16:17  And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant,
1 Kings 1:23  And they told the king, saying, Behold Nathan the prophet. And when he was come in before the king, he bowed himself before the king with his face to the ground.
Mark 11:19  And when even was come, he went out of the city.
Hosea 5:6  They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD; but they shall not find him; he hath withdrawn himself from them.
Jeremiah 17:19  Thus said the LORD unto me; Go and stand in the gate of the children of the people, whereby the kings of Judah come in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of Jerusalem;
Esther 9:10  The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid they not their hand.
John 10:23  And Jesus walked in the temple in Solomon’s porch.
John 3:26  And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come to him.
Zechariah 1:18  Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns.
Obadiah 1:21  And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD’S.
Revelation 7:11  And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God,
Obadiah 1:9  And thy mighty men, O Teman, shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter.
1 Kings 1:25  For he is gone down this day, and hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the king’s sons, and the captains of the host, and Abiathar the priest; and, behold, they eat and drink before him, and say, God save king Adonijah.
Ephesians 5:12  For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret.
Mark 8:15  And he charged them, saying, Take heed, beware of the leaven of the Pharisees, and of the leaven of Herod.
Daniel 1:15  And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king’s meat.
Lamentations 1:6  And from the daughter of Zion all her beauty is departed: her princes are become like harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strength before the pursuer.
Job 10:12  Thou hast granted me life and favour, and thy visitation hath preserved my spirit.
Revelation 18:20  Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her.
1 John 2:11  But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes.
Isaiah 28:29  This also cometh forth from the LORD of hosts, which is wonderful in counsel, and excellent in working.
2 Corinthians 10:15  Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men’s labours; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly,
2 Corinthians 7:12  Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.
Luke 9:17  And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets.
Habakkuk 1:12  Art thou not from everlasting, O LORD my God, mine Holy One? we shall not die. O LORD, thou hast ordained them for judgment; and, O mighty God, thou hast established them for correction.
Obadiah 1:7  All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; they that eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee: there is none understanding in him.
Proverbs 1:25  But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof:
Deuteronomy 5:8  Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:
Numbers 9:10  Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar off, yet he shall keep the passover unto the LORD.
2 Corinthians 1:17  When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?
Luke 13:21  It is like leaven, which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.
Luke 12:24  Consider the ravens: for they neither sow nor reap; which neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feedeth them: how much more are ye better than the fowls?
Zechariah 1:21  Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up his head: but these are come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the Gentiles, which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to scatter it.
Nehemiah 11:12  And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchiah,
Matthew 18:25  But forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made.
Matthew 12:19  He shall not strive, nor cry; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets.
Amos 6:9  And it shall come to pass, if there remain ten men in one house, that they shall die.
Jeremiah 12:13  They have sown wheat, but shall reap thorns: they have put themselves to pain, but shall not profit: and they shall be ashamed of your revenues because of the fierce anger of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 10:11  And when all Jabesh-gilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,
2 Samuel 12:15  And Nathan departed unto his house. And the LORD struck the child that Uriah’s wife bare unto David, and it was very sick.
Numbers 1:18  And they assembled all the congregation together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls.
Genesis 10:12  And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city.
Galatians 5:15  But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another.
Luke 24:29  But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.
2 Samuel 15:17  And the king went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a place that was far off.
Exodus 2:4  And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him.
Hebrews 9:16  For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator.
2 Corinthians 8:14  But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality:
1 Corinthians 5:13  But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person.
Isaiah 2:6  Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob, because they be replenished from the east, and are soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please themselves in the children of strangers.
Revelation 7:13  And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they?
Mark 12:21  And the second took her, and died, neither left he any seed: and the third likewise.
Zechariah 8:10  For before these days there was no hire for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his neighbour.
Habakkuk 1:10  And they shall scoff at the kings, and the princes shall be a scorn unto them: they shall deride every strong hold; for they shall heap dust, and take it.
Ezekiel 1:17  When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went.
Judges 6:9  And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drave them out from before you, and gave you their land;
James 2:9  But if ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors.
Joel 1:19  O LORD, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame hath burned all the trees of the field.
Esther 1:18  Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king’s princes, which have heard of the deed of the queen. Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.
1 Corinthians 1:19  For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.
Micah 1:14  Therefore shalt thou give presents to Moresheth-gath: the houses of Achzib shall be a lie to the kings of Israel.
Deuteronomy 9:11  And it came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights, that the LORD gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant.
1 Corinthians 2:5  That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.
Luke 20:22  Is it lawful for us to give tribute unto Caesar, or no?
Ezra 8:10  And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males.
2 Chronicles 1:10  Give me now wisdom and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can judge this thy people, that is so great?
1 Corinthians 4:13  Being defamed, we intreat: we are made as the filth of the world, and are the offscouring of all things unto this day.
Acts 13:20  And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet.
Zechariah 1:16  Therefore thus saith the LORD; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies: my house shall be built in it, saith the LORD of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem.
Esther 1:21  And the saying pleased the king and the princes; and the king did according to the word of Memucan:
Numbers 1:14  Of Gad; Eliasaph the son of Deuel.
Ephesians 3:11  According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:
2 Corinthians 3:8  How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious?
Obadiah 1:10  For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever.
Daniel 1:18  Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Ezekiel 1:21  When those went, these went; and when those stood, these stood; and when those were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
1 Chronicles 1:17  The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.
Proverbs 1:26  I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh;
Esther 1:16  And Memucan answered before the king and the princes, Vashti the queen hath not done wrong to the king only, but also to all the princes, and to all the people that are in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus.
2 Chronicles 11:12  And in every several city he put shields and spears, and made them exceeding strong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side.
1 Samuel 8:16  And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work.
1 Corinthians 4:9  For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men.
Ezra 6:8  Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king’s goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith expenses be given unto these men, that they be not hindered.
Obadiah 1:15  For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head.
Job 6:9  Even that it would please God to destroy me; that he would let loose his hand, and cut me off!
Job 4:6  Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy ways?
2 Kings 3:5  But it came to pass, when Ahab was dead, that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel.
Deuteronomy 1:20  And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the Amorites, which the LORD our God doth give unto us.
Deuteronomy 1:14  And ye answered me, and said, The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do.
Revelation 6:10  And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O Lord, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth?
Acts 10:18  And called, and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, were lodged there.
Ecclesiastes 4:6  Better is an handful with quietness, than both the hands full with travail and vexation of spirit.
Proverbs 6:9  How long wilt thou sleep, O sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep?
Nehemiah 3:4  And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repaired Zadok the son of Baana.
Leviticus 25:26  And if the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;
3 John 1:1  The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth.
Hosea 9:11  As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception.
Numbers 6:8  All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD.
Numbers 1:16  These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel.
2 Chronicles 1:17  And they fetched up, and brought forth out of Egypt a chariot for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, by their means.
1 Chronicles 1:15  And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
1 Kings 1:24  And Nathan said, My lord, O king, hast thou said, Adonijah shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne?
1 Corinthians 7:18  Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised.
Mark 10:24  And the disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answereth again, and saith unto them, Children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God!
Habakkuk 1:14  And makest men as the fishes of the sea, as the creeping things, that have no ruler over them?
Amos 7:10  Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel: the land is not able to bear all his words.
Obadiah 1:8  Shall I not in that day, saith the LORD, even destroy the wise men out of Edom, and understanding out of the mount of Esau?
Proverbs 13:15  Good understanding giveth favour: but the way of transgressors is hard.
Proverbs 9:11  For by me thy days shall be multiplied, and the years of thy life shall be increased.
2 Chronicles 8:9  But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no servants for his work; but they were men of war, and chief of his captains, and captains of his chariots and horsemen.
1 Chronicles 7:9  And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of the fathers, mighty men of valour, was twenty thousand and two hundred.
Deuteronomy 1:17  Ye shall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God’s: and the cause that is too hard for you, bring it unto me, and I will hear it.
2 Corinthians 12:17  Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?
Nehemiah 13:14  Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof.
2 Chronicles 10:11  For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
1 Chronicles 1:13  And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,
2 Kings 11:13  And when Athaliah heard the noise of the guard and of the people, she came to the people into the temple of the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:5  They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath many children is waxed feeble.
Numbers 5:7  Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed.
Colossians 4:7  All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:
Jeremiah 9:11  And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without an inhabitant.
1 Kings 1:1  Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with clothes, but he gat no heat.
2 Corinthians 7:14  For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth.
Romans 2:8  But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,
Ecclesiastes 5:8  If thou seest the oppression of the poor, and violent perverting of judgment and justice in a province, marvel not at the matter: for he that is higher than the highest regardeth; and there be higher than they.
Nehemiah 6:7  And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem, saying, There is a king in Judah: and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words. Come now therefore, and let us take counsel together.
Mark 8:13  And he left them, and entering into the ship again departed to the other side.
Mark 4:9  And he said unto them, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Matthew 7:18  A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
Daniel 2:6  But if ye shew the dream, and the interpretation thereof, ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore shew me the dream, and the interpretation thereof.
Psalms 9:11  Sing praises to the LORD, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people his doings.
2 Chronicles 6:8  But the LORD said to David my father, Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name, thou didst well in that it was in thine heart:
Numbers 9:11  The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it, and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs.
Romans 3:14  Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness:
Luke 6:14  Simon, (whom he also named Peter,) and Andrew his brother, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew,
Micah 1:15  Yet will I bring an heir unto thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam the glory of Israel.
Proverbs 6:11  So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed man.
2 Chronicles 13:14  And when Judah looked back, behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cried unto the LORD, and the priests sounded with the trumpets.
1 Kings 1:22  And, lo, while she yet talked with the king, Nathan the prophet also came in.
Judges 4:6  And she sent and called Barak the son of Abinoam out of Kedesh-naphtali, and said unto him, Hath not the LORD God of Israel commanded, saying, Go and draw toward mount Tabor, and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of the children of Zebulun?
Exodus 19:22  And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them.
Galatians 2:8  (For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:)
Hosea 12:13  And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved.
Daniel 9:17  Now therefore, O our God, hear the prayer of thy servant, and his supplications, and cause thy face to shine upon thy sanctuary that is desolate, for the Lord’s sake.
Ezekiel 1:28  As the appearance of the bow that is in the cloud in the day of rain, so was the appearance of the brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of the LORD. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that spake.
Ecclesiastes 7:12  For wisdom is a defence, and money is a defence: but the excellency of knowledge is, that wisdom giveth life to them that have it.
1 Chronicles 1:14  The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,
Micah 1:16  Make thee bald, and poll thee for thy delicate children; enlarge thy baldness as the eagle; for they are gone into captivity from thee.
Daniel 1:16  Thus Melzar took away the portion of their meat, and the wine that they should drink; and gave them pulse.
Ecclesiastes 10:11  Surely the serpent will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better.
Genesis 2:12  And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.
Matthew 13:20  But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it;
Daniel 1:20  And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm.
Joshua 6:8  And it came to pass, when Joshua had spoken unto the people, that the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams’ horns passed on before the LORD, and blew with the trumpets: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD followed them.
Romans 4:9  Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only, or upon the uncircumcision also? for we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness.
Acts 11:20  And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the Lord Jesus.
Mark 12:20  Now there were seven brethren: and the first took a wife, and dying left no seed.
Nahum 1:12  Thus saith the LORD: Though they be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted thee, I will afflict thee no more.
1 Chronicles 8:9  And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,
Acts 11:21  And the hand of the Lord was with them: and a great number believed, and turned unto the Lord.
Daniel 8:10  And it waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and stamped upon them.
Isaiah 5:9  In mine ears said the LORD of hosts, Of a truth many houses shall be desolate, even great and fair, without inhabitant.
Isaiah 4:5  And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for upon all the glory shall be a defence.
Proverbs 25:26  A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring.
Proverbs 24:25  But to them that rebuke him shall be delight, and a good blessing shall come upon them.
2 Corinthians 11:17  That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting.
Acts 13:19  And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot.
Matthew 27:29  And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!
1 Chronicles 1:16  And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.
Exodus 6:8  And I will bring you in unto the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD.
John 18:22  And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?
Luke 4:13  And when the devil had ended all the temptation, he departed from him for a season.
Luke 3:12  Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do?
Esther 1:15  What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law, because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains?
Leviticus 6:7  And the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD: and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of all that he hath done in trespassing therein.
1 Thessalonians 2:8  So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing to have imparted unto you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because ye were dear unto us.
Zechariah 6:7  And the bay went forth, and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through the earth. So they walked to and fro through the earth.
Nahum 1:14  And the LORD hath given a commandment concerning thee, that no more of thy name be sown: out of the house of thy gods will I cut off the graven image and the molten image: I will make thy grave; for thou art vile.
1 Samuel 8:12  And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties; and will set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots.
Deuteronomy 1:18  And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do.
1 Corinthians 12:21  And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you.
1 Corinthians 7:16  For what knowest thou, O wife, whether thou shalt save thy husband? or how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife?
Mark 3:8  And from Jerusalem, and from Idumaea, and from beyond Jordan; and they about Tyre and Sidon, a great multitude, when they had heard what great things he did, came unto him.
Job 21:23  One dieth in his full strength, being wholly at ease and quiet.
1 Samuel 20:21  And, behold, I will send a lad, saying, Go, find out the arrows. If I expressly say unto the lad, Behold, the arrows are on this side of thee, take them; then come thou: for there is peace to thee, and no hurt; as the LORD liveth.
1 Samuel 2:6  The LORD killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and bringeth up.
Ruth 4:6  And the kinsman said, I cannot redeem it for myself, lest I mar mine own inheritance: redeem thou my right to thyself; for I cannot redeem it.
Judges 13:15  And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until we shall have made ready a kid for thee.
Judges 1:16  And the children of the Kenite, Moses’ father in law, went up out of the city of palm trees with the children of Judah into the wilderness of Judah, which lieth in the south of Arad; and they went and dwelt among the people.
Genesis 14:16  And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.
Acts 6:13  And set up false witnesses, which said, This man ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place, and the law:
Luke 12:28  If then God so clothe the grass, which is to day in the field, and to morrow is cast into the oven; how much more will he clothe you, O ye of little faith?
Mark 2:6  But there were certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,
Ezekiel 4:5  For I have laid upon thee the years of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel.
Psalms 18:19  He brought me forth also into a large place; he delivered me, because he delighted in me.
Joshua 15:16  And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjath-sepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife.
Exodus 4:7  And he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh.
Matthew 19:22  But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had great possessions.
Matthew 6:18  That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.
Isaiah 19:20  And it shall be for a sign and for a witness unto the LORD of hosts in the land of Egypt: for they shall cry unto the LORD because of the oppressors, and he shall send them a saviour, and a great one, and he shall deliver them.
2 Chronicles 1:13  Then Solomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel.
Deuteronomy 1:25  And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands, and brought it down unto us, and brought us word again, and said, It is a good land which the LORD our God doth give us.
Acts 5:13  And of the rest durst no man join himself to them: but the people magnified them.
John 9:17  They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet.
Hebrews 10:15  Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us: for after that he had said before,
Zechariah 1:20  And the LORD shewed me four carpenters.
Joshua 9:10  And all that he did to the two kings of the Amorites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sihon king of Heshbon, and to Og king of Bashan, which was at Ashtaroth.
Numbers 1:13  Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran.
Luke 5:11  And when they had brought their ships to land, they forsook all, and followed him.
Daniel 11:13  For the king of the north shall return, and shall set forth a multitude greater than the former, and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with much riches.
Ezekiel 1:25  And there was a voice from the firmament that was over their heads, when they stood, and had let down their wings.
1 Kings 11:14  And the LORD stirred up an adversary unto Solomon, Hadad the Edomite: he was of the king’s seed in Edom.
Hebrews 11:22  By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.
Jonah 4:5  So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city.
Obadiah 1:14  Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress.
Jeremiah 6:8  Be thou instructed, O Jerusalem, lest my soul depart from thee; lest I make thee desolate, a land not inhabited.
Ecclesiastes 9:12  For man also knoweth not his time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are caught in the snare; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon them.
Job 9:12  Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him? who will say unto him, What doest thou?
Exodus 4:8  And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign.
Matthew 9:17  Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.
Obadiah 1:11  In the day that thou stoodest on the other side, in the day that the strangers carried away captive his forces, and foreigners entered into his gates, and cast lots upon Jerusalem, even thou wast as one of them.
2 Chronicles 17:18  And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war.
2 Chronicles 4:5  And the thickness of it was an handbreadth, and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies; and it received and held three thousand baths.
Exodus 8:9  And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I intreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only?
Luke 10:31  And by chance there came down a certain priest that way: and when he saw him, he passed by on the other side.
Jeremiah 11:12  Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go, and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense: but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble.
Esther 1:20  And when the king’s decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honour, both to great and small.
2 Chronicles 1:15  And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the vale for abundance.
Numbers 1:15  Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan.
1 Timothy 3:12  Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.
Luke 7:14  And he came and touched the bier: and they that bare him stood still. And he said, Young man, I say unto thee, Arise.
Luke 6:16  And Judas the brother of James, and Judas Iscariot, which also was the traitor.
Esther 1:19  If it please the king, let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she.
2 Samuel 16:18  And Hushai said unto Absalom, Nay; but whom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of Israel, choose, his will I be, and with him will I abide.
Exodus 12:17  And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt: therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever.
Genesis 7:9  There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah.
2 Chronicles 1:14  And Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, which he placed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem.
Judges 20:21  And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men.
Genesis 14:17  And the king of Sodom went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer, and of the kings that were with him, at the valley of Shaveh, which is the king’s dale.
Philemon 1:7  For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.
2 Corinthians 5:12  For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you occasion to glory on our behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, and not in heart.
Acts 10:20  Arise therefore, and get thee down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them.
John 9:15  Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see.
Haggai 2:4  Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, saith the LORD; and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest; and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the LORD, and work: for I am with you, saith the LORD of hosts:
Jeremiah 10:13  When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens, and he causeth the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures.
Judges 1:21  And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day.
2 Corinthians 1:23  Moreover I call God for a record upon my soul, that to spare you I came not as yet unto Corinth.
Jeremiah 7:12  But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my people Israel.
1 Chronicles 1:20  And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
2 Corinthians 9:14  And by their prayer for you, which long after you for the exceeding grace of God in you.
Acts 25:26  Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write.
1 Samuel 11:13  And Saul said, There shall not a man be put to death this day: for to day the LORD hath wrought salvation in Israel.
Joshua 11:12  And all the cities of those kings, and all the kings of them, did Joshua take, and smote them with the edge of the sword, and he utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded.
Exodus 10:12  And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts, that they may come up upon the land of Egypt, and eat every herb of the land, even all that the hail hath left.
John 8:20  These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come.
Luke 12:26  If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take ye thought for the rest?
Habakkuk 3:5  Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet.
1 Chronicles 1:21  Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,
Exodus 3:11  And Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?
Genesis 11:13  And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
1 Corinthians 9:15  But I have used none of these things: neither have I written these things, that it should be so done unto me: for it were better for me to die, than that any man should make my glorying void.
Luke 19:24  And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds.
Mark 15:18  And began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews!
Hosea 8:9  For they are gone up to Assyria, a wild ass alone by himself: Ephraim hath hired lovers.
2 Chronicles 1:16  And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king’s merchants received the linen yarn at a price.
2 Samuel 24:25  And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD was intreated for the land, and the plague was stayed from Israel.
Leviticus 8:10  And Moses took the anointing oil, and anointed the tabernacle and all that was therein, and sanctified them.
John 13:20  Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.
Micah 4:8  And thou, O tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 1:18  As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four.
Ezekiel 1:16  The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel.
Song of Solomon 1:3  Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee.
Leviticus 11:15  Every raven after his kind;
Mark 11:18  And the scribes and chief priests heard it, and sought how they might destroy him: for they feared him, because all the people was astonished at his doctrine.
Mark 1:34  And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him.
Leviticus 14:15  And the priest shall take some of the log of oil, and pour it into the palm of his own left hand:
Genesis 22:24  And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.
Mark 9:27  But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose.
Mark 9:16  And he asked the scribes, What question ye with them?
Matthew 18:22  Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.
Nahum 1:13  For now will I break his yoke from off thee, and will burst thy bonds in sunder.
1 Chronicles 1:18  And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.
1 Samuel 7:12  Then Samuel took a stone, and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, and called the name of it Eben-ezer, saying, Hitherto hath the LORD helped us.
Genesis 6:12  And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.
Colossians 4:8  Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;
John 15:24  If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father.
Amos 5:9  That strengtheneth the spoiled against the strong, so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress.
Isaiah 7:12  But Ahaz said, I will not ask, neither will I tempt the LORD.
Nehemiah 5:6  And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words.
Mark 5:10  And he besought him much that he would not send them away out of the country.
Malachi 2:5  My covenant was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was afraid before my name.
2 Samuel 7:11  And as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel, and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies. Also the LORD telleth thee that he will make thee an house.
Genesis 11:16  And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg:
Revelation 9:12  One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter.
Zephaniah 1:9  In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill their masters’ houses with violence and deceit.
1 Samuel 8:11  And he said, This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you: He will take your sons, and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and to be his horsemen; and some shall run before his chariots.
Hebrews 6:11  And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end:
Ezekiel 22:23  And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Jeremiah 25:26  And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them.
1 Chronicles 1:19  And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother’s name was Joktan.
Philippians 3:15  Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you.
1 Corinthians 7:29  But this I say, brethren, the time is short: it remaineth, that both they that have wives be as though they had none;
1 Corinthians 7:21  Art thou called being a servant? care not for it: but if thou mayest be made free, use it rather.
Acts 12:20  And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king’s chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king’s country.
Obadiah 1:17  But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance, and there shall be holiness; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.
1 Corinthians 5:12  For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?
John 8:22  Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come.
Habakkuk 1:9  They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup up as the east wind, and they shall gather the captivity as the sand.
Isaiah 5:11  Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink; that continue until night, till wine inflame them!
1 Chronicles 29:30  With all his reign and his might, and the times that went over him, and over Israel, and over all the kingdoms of the countries.
2 Corinthians 4:10  Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body.
Zechariah 10:12  And I will strengthen them in the LORD; and they shall walk up and down in his name, saith the LORD.
1 Kings 11:16  (For six months did Joab remain there with all Israel, until he had cut off every male in Edom:)
Genesis 27:28  Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine:
Hebrews 12:16  Lest there be any fornicator, or profane person, as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.
Acts 15:23  And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia:
Amos 7:12  Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land of Judah, and there eat bread, and prophesy there:
1 Chronicles 6:8  And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,
Joshua 4:5  And Joshua said unto them, Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the midst of Jordan, and take ye up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel:
Numbers 3:5  And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
John 3:28  Ye yourselves bear me witness, that I said, I am not the Christ, but that I am sent before him.
Mark 5:9  And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered, saying, My name is Legion: for we are many.
Mark 3:9  And he spake to his disciples, that a small ship should wait on him because of the multitude, lest they should throng him.
Jeremiah 2:5  Thus saith the LORD, What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and have walked after vanity, and are become vain?
Hebrews 11:26  Esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt: for he had respect unto the recompence of the reward.
Luke 10:23  And he turned him unto his disciples, and said privately, Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see:
Matthew 9:15  And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them? but the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken from them, and then shall they fast.
1 Chronicles 1:22  And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
Judges 1:13  And Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb’s younger brother, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.
Jude 1:22  And of some have compassion, making a difference:
2 Peter 2:12  But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption;
John 19:24  They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did.
1 Chronicles 13:14  And the ark of God remained with the family of Obed-edom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obed-edom, and all that he had.
1 Thessalonians 5:13  And to esteem them very highly in love for their work’s sake. And be at peace among yourselves.
2 Corinthians 4:9  Persecuted, but not forsaken; cast down, but not destroyed;
Romans 15:19  Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.
Luke 14:21  So that servant came, and shewed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city, and bring in hither the poor, and the maimed, and the halt, and the blind.
Luke 5:13  And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him.
1 Samuel 7:10  And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel: but the LORD thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines, and discomfited them; and they were smitten before Israel.
Judges 10:12  The Zidonians also, and the Amalekites, and the Maonites, did oppress you; and ye cried to me, and I delivered you out of their hand.
Exodus 14:16  But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea.
1 Corinthians 12:22  Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary:
Romans 11:27  For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.
Acts 12:18  Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter.
Mark 15:19  And they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit upon him, and bowing their knees worshipped him.
2 Corinthians 1:19  For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea.
Romans 11:28  As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the fathers’ sakes.
Hosea 4:7  As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame.
Song of Solomon 2:11  For, lo, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;
2 Samuel 21:22  These four were born to the giant in Gath, and fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
Ruth 2:4  And behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said unto the reapers, The LORD be with you. And they answered him, The LORD bless thee.
Judges 9:11  But the fig tree said unto them, Should I forsake my sweetness, and my good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees?
Exodus 3:9  Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them.
Hebrews 11:27  By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king: for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.
Acts 12:19  And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode.
Luke 6:19  And the whole multitude sought to touch him: for there went virtue out of him, and healed them all.
Zephaniah 1:10  And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills.
Jonah 2:4  Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.
Esther 3:5  And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was Haman full of wrath.
2 Kings 9:12  And they said, It is false; tell us now. And he said, Thus and thus spake he to me, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee king over Israel.
Hebrews 10:20  By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;
Hebrews 3:8  Harden not your hearts, as in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness:
John 7:18  He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him.
Ezekiel 1:22  And the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the colour of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above.
1 Kings 21:23  And of Jezebel also spake the LORD, saying, The dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel.
1 Samuel 13:15  And Samuel arose, and gat him up from Gilgal unto Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men.
1 Thessalonians 5:15  See that none render evil for evil unto any man; but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men.
1 Thessalonians 3:8  For now we live, if ye stand fast in the Lord.
Luke 10:24  For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.
Micah 6:10  Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable?
Daniel 10:14  Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days: for yet the vision is for many days.
Jeremiah 3:6  The LORD said also unto me in the days of Josiah the king, Hast thou seen that which backsliding Israel hath done? she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree, and there hath played the harlot.
Isaiah 1:29  For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen.
Job 6:8  Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for!
Joshua 7:9  For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it, and shall environ us round, and cut off our name from the earth: and what wilt thou do unto thy great name?
Numbers 14:16  Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which he sware unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness.
Genesis 29:31  And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren.
Deuteronomy 5:9  Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me,
Numbers 1:24  Of the children of Gad, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Acts 23:25  And he wrote a letter after this manner:
Luke 11:32  The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.
Lamentations 1:7  Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and did mock at her sabbaths.
Proverbs 1:31  Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices.
2 Chronicles 29:30  Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads and worshipped.
1 Samuel 9:11  And as they went up the hill to the city, they found young maidens going out to draw water, and said unto them, Is the seer here?
Judges 19:20  And the old man said, Peace be with thee; howsoever let all thy wants lie upon me; only lodge not in the street.
Philemon 1:8  Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient,
Mark 14:21  The Son of man indeed goeth, as it is written of him: but woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! good were it for that man if he had never been born.
Daniel 1:19  And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king.
Job 18:19  He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people, nor any remaining in his dwellings.
2 Chronicles 3:5  And the greater house he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and set thereon palm trees and chains.
1 Chronicles 1:24  Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,
Judges 1:15  And she said unto him, Give me a blessing: for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And Caleb gave her the upper springs and the nether springs.
Deuteronomy 12:14  But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee.
Revelation 21:24  And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it.
Zephaniah 1:12  And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil.
Daniel 5:8  Then came in all the king’s wise men: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof.
Proverbs 8:11  For wisdom is better than rubies; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it.
Judges 1:18  Also Judah took Gaza with the coast thereof, and Askelon with the coast thereof, and Ekron with the coast thereof.
Numbers 4:5  And when the camp setteth forward, Aaron shall come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering vail, and cover the ark of testimony with it:
Jude 1:19  These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit.
Romans 2:10  But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:
Zephaniah 1:11  Howl, ye inhabitants of Maktesh, for all the merchant people are cut down; all they that bear silver are cut off.
Song of Solomon 4:5  Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 2:5  Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love.
Proverbs 18:20  A man’s belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled.
2 Kings 8:12  And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto the children of Israel: their strong holds wilt thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the sword, and wilt dash their children, and rip up their women with child.
Revelation 14:18  And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.
Amos 9:12  That they may possess the remnant of Edom, and of all the heathen, which are called by my name, saith the LORD that doeth this.
Amos 2:4  Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Judah, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept his commandments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers have walked:
1 Chronicles 17:18  What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant.
2 Kings 21:23  And the servants of Amon conspired against him, and slew the king in his own house.
Judges 1:14  And it came to pass, when she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted from off her ass; and Caleb said unto her, What wilt thou?
1 Peter 2:15  For so is the will of God, that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:
Luke 15:21  And the son said unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son.
Malachi 3:17  And they shall be mine, saith the LORD of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him.
Nahum 3:4  Because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the wellfavoured harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts, that selleth nations through her whoredoms, and families through her witchcrafts.
2 Samuel 6:9  And David was afraid of the LORD that day, and said, How shall the ark of the LORD come to me?
Exodus 5:7  Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather straw for themselves.
James 3:12  Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either a vine, figs? so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh.
Titus 3:13  Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them.
1 Thessalonians 2:7  But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children:
Acts 11:22  Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch.
Daniel 8:12  And an host was given him against the daily sacrifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and it practised, and prospered.
Daniel 2:7  They answered again and said, Let the king tell his servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation of it.
Jeremiah 16:17  For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes.
Esther 7:8  Then the king returned out of the palace garden into the place of the banquet of wine; and Haman was fallen upon the bed whereon Esther was. Then said the king, Will he force the queen also before me in the house? As the word went out of the king’s mouth, they covered Haman’s face.
Exodus 25:26  And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold, and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof.
Genesis 19:21  And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken.
Mark 1:36  And Simon and they that were with him followed after him.
Obadiah 1:12  But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress.
Ezekiel 16:18  And tookest thy broidered garments, and coveredst them: and thou hast set mine oil and mine incense before them.
Psalms 6:7  Mine eye is consumed because of grief; it waxeth old because of all mine enemies.
1 Chronicles 1:23  And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan.
Joshua 13:14  Only unto the tribe of Levi he gave none inheritance; the sacrifices of the LORD God of Israel made by fire are their inheritance, as he said unto them.
Amos 6:8  The Lord GOD hath sworn by himself, saith the LORD the God of hosts, I abhor the excellency of Jacob, and hate his palaces: therefore will I deliver up the city with all that is therein.
Joel 2:9  They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.
Ezekiel 2:3  And he said unto me, Son of man, I send thee to the children of Israel, to a rebellious nation that hath rebelled against me: they and their fathers have transgressed against me, even unto this very day.
Job 22:24  Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust, and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks.
1 Kings 1:28  Then king David answered and said, Call me Bath-sheba. And she came into the king’s presence, and stood before the king.
Galatians 3:12  And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in them.
2 Corinthians 7:13  Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.
John 14:29  And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe.
Zechariah 1:19  And I said unto the angel that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
Daniel 9:15  And now, O Lord our God, that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and hast gotten thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly.
Proverbs 5:7  Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth.
Numbers 11:14  I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me.
Galatians 4:11  I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.
1 Corinthians 10:19  What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing?
Jeremiah 7:10  And come and stand before me in this house, which is called by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all these abominations?
1 Chronicles 21:22  Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.
Deuteronomy 1:24  And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came unto the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out.
John 9:16  Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them.
John 6:18  And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew.
Mark 12:22  And the seven had her, and left no seed: last of all the woman died also.
Song of Solomon 1:4  Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee.
1 Kings 9:12  And Hiram came out from Tyre to see the cities which Solomon had given him; and they pleased him not.
Judges 1:17  And Judah went with Simeon his brother, and they slew the Canaanites that inhabited Zephath, and utterly destroyed it. And the name of the city was called Hormah.
Joshua 24:26  And Joshua wrote these words in the book of the law of God, and took a great stone, and set it up there under an oak, that was by the sanctuary of the LORD.
Numbers 1:25  Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty.
Mark 1:33  And all the city was gathered together at the door.
Isaiah 5:10  Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah.
Job 15:17  I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare;
Judges 3:5  And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:
Deuteronomy 14:15  And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckow, and the hawk after his kind,
Numbers 26:27  These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, threescore thousand and five hundred.
Hebrews 2:7  Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands:
Philemon 1:10  I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:
Acts 2:18  And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:
Micah 7:10  Then she that is mine enemy shall see it, and shame shall cover her which said unto me, Where is the LORD thy God? mine eyes shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets.
Micah 5:10  And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots:
Obadiah 1:16  For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall be as though they had not been.
Nehemiah 8:12  And all the people went their way to eat, and to drink, and to send portions, and to make great mirth, because they had understood the words that were declared unto them.
1 Chronicles 3:5  And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bath-shua the daughter of Ammiel:
2 Kings 14:16  And Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his stead.
1 John 5:17  All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death.
2 Thessalonians 3:7  For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;
1 Corinthians 7:23  Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men.
Ecclesiastes 7:10  Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this.
Ezra 10:12  Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast said, so must we do.
1 Samuel 17:19  Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley of Elah, fighting with the Philistines.
Genesis 8:10  And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark;
James 3:10  Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be.
1 Corinthians 7:30  And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;
Obadiah 1:18  And the house of Jacob shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau; for the LORD hath spoken it.
Joel 2:17  Let the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, Spare thy people, O LORD, and give not thine heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: wherefore should they say among the people, Where is their God?
2 Thessalonians 3:8  Neither did we eat any man’s bread for nought; but wrought with labour and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you:
1 Corinthians 7:24  Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God.
Galatians 2:7  But contrariwise, when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter;
Romans 2:9  Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;
Habakkuk 1:17  Shall they therefore empty their net, and not spare continually to slay the nations?
Jeremiah 5:8  They were as fed horses in the morning: every one neighed after his neighbour’s wife.
Job 16:17  Not for any injustice in mine hands: also my prayer is pure.
2 Chronicles 5:7  And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place, to the oracle of the house, into the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubims:
Deuteronomy 4:10  Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy God in Horeb, when the LORD said unto me, Gather me the people together, and I will make them hear my words, that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth, and that they may teach their children.
Numbers 1:21  Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.
Romans 11:24  For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural branches, be graffed into their own olive tree?
Jeremiah 13:14  And I will dash them one against another, even the fathers and the sons together, saith the LORD: I will not pity, nor spare, nor have mercy, but destroy them.
Proverbs 4:8  Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to honour, when thou dost embrace her.
1 Chronicles 5:7  And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,
2 Kings 6:9  And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down.
2 Samuel 12:17  And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat bread with them.
Deuteronomy 13:15  Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword.
Exodus 19:24  And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them.
James 2:11  For he that said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not kill. Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law.
Matthew 4:13  And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelt in Capernaum, which is upon the sea coast, in the borders of Zabulon and Nephthalim:
Proverbs 11:15  He that is surety for a stranger shall smart for it: and he that hateth suretiship is sure.
Job 5:10  Who giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields:
1 Chronicles 1:25  Eber, Peleg, Reu,
Genesis 13:17  Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee.
1 John 2:14  I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one.
Jeremiah 4:7  The lion is come up from his thicket, and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant.
Proverbs 8:12  I wisdom dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge of witty inventions.
2 Kings 8:11  And he settled his countenance stedfastly, until he was ashamed: and the man of God wept.
Proverbs 11:16  A gracious woman retaineth honour: and strong men retain riches.
1 Chronicles 10:12  They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
2 Kings 5:8  And it was so, when Elisha the man of God had heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
1 Samuel 4:6  And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout, they said, What meaneth the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews? And they understood that the ark of the LORD was come into the camp.
Deuteronomy 10:13  To keep the commandments of the LORD, and his statutes, which I command thee this day for thy good?
1 Corinthians 14:18  I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all:
Acts 16:24  Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks.
Matthew 23:26  Thou blind Pharisee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also.
Habakkuk 2:5  Yea also, because he transgresseth by wine, he is a proud man, neither keepeth at home, who enlargeth his desire as hell, and is as death, and cannot be satisfied, but gathereth unto him all nations, and heapeth unto him all people:
Daniel 8:11  Yea, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, and by him the daily sacrifice was taken away, and the place of his sanctuary was cast down.
1 Samuel 6:9  And see, if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Beth-shemesh, then he hath done us this great evil: but if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us; it was a chance that happened to us.
Deuteronomy 6:12  Then beware lest thou forget the LORD, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
Mark 11:21  And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.
Mark 1:42  And as soon as he had spoken, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed.
2 Kings 15:17  In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in Samaria.
1 Kings 14:16  And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who did sin, and who made Israel to sin.
1 Kings 6:9  So he built the house, and finished it; and covered the house with beams and boards of cedar.
2 Samuel 2:5  And David sent messengers unto the men of Jabesh-gilead, and said unto them, Blessed be ye of the LORD, that ye have shewed this kindness unto your lord, even unto Saul, and have buried him.
Genesis 6:15  And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
2 Kings 17:20  And the LORD rejected all the seed of Israel, and afflicted them, and delivered them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his sight.
2 Samuel 20:21  The matter is not so: but a man of mount Ephraim, Sheba the son of Bichri by name, hath lifted up his hand against the king, even against David: deliver him only, and I will depart from the city. And the woman said unto Joab, Behold, his head shall be thrown to thee over the wall.
Deuteronomy 6:11  And houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive trees, which thou plantedst not; when thou shalt have eaten and be full;
Numbers 1:19  As the LORD commanded Moses, so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai.
Galatians 5:12  I would they were even cut off which trouble you.
Acts 12:21  And upon a set day Herod, arrayed in royal apparel, sat upon his throne, and made an oration unto them.
Obadiah 1:13  Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity;
Proverbs 20:22  Say not thou, I will recompense evil; but wait on the LORD, and he shall save thee.
1 Chronicles 1:1  Adam, Sheth, Enosh,
1 Samuel 18:20  And Michal Saul’s daughter loved David: and they told Saul, and the thing pleased him.
1 Timothy 5:11  But the younger widows refuse: for when they have begun to wax wanton against Christ, they will marry;
Philippians 3:16  Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.
Romans 4:10  How was it then reckoned? when he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision.
Ecclesiastes 3:6  A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;
Proverbs 1:29  For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD:
Esther 5:6  And the king said unto Esther at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed.
Ezra 9:12  Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons, neither take their daughters unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that ye may be strong, and eat the good of the land, and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever.
Leviticus 7:8  And the priest that offereth any man’s burnt offering, even the priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he hath offered.
1 Timothy 3:14  These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:
1 Thessalonians 3:7  Therefore, brethren, we were comforted over you in all our affliction and distress by your faith:
1 Corinthians 4:10  We are fools for Christ’s sake, but ye are wise in Christ; we are weak, but ye are strong; ye are honourable, but we are despised.
Hosea 4:8  They eat up the sin of my people, and they set their heart on their iniquity.
Hosea 2:5  For their mother hath played the harlot: she that conceived them hath done shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, mine oil and my drink.
Ezekiel 9:10  And as for me also, mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity, but I will recompense their way upon their head.
Revelation 11:17  Saying, We give thee thanks, O Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned.
Ezekiel 5:6  And she hath changed my judgments into wickedness more than the nations, and my statutes more than the countries that are round about her: for they have refused my judgments and my statutes, they have not walked in them.
2 Samuel 8:16  And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;
Numbers 21:23  And Sihon would not suffer Israel to pass through his border: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and went out against Israel into the wilderness: and he came to Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
Exodus 7:12  For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron’s rod swallowed up their rods.
John 4:29  Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?
Luke 22:28  Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations.
Mark 1:38  And he said unto them, Let us go into the next towns, that I may preach there also: for therefore came I forth.
1 Kings 10:14  Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred threescore and six talents of gold.
Hebrews 9:17  For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth.
1 Corinthians 11:19  For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you.
Daniel 4:8  But at the last Daniel came in before me, whose name was Belteshazzar, according to the name of my god, and in whom is the spirit of the holy gods: and before him I told the dream, saying,
Job 30:31  My harp also is turned to mourning, and my organ into the voice of them that weep.
Leviticus 10:12  And Moses spake unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons that were left, Take the meat offering that remaineth of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and eat it without leaven beside the altar: for it is most holy:
1 Peter 3:16  Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ.
2 Corinthians 2:5  But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I may not overcharge you all.
Ezekiel 1:26  And above the firmament that was over their heads was the likeness of a throne, as the appearance of a sapphire stone: and upon the likeness of the throne was the likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it.
Psalms 7:8  The LORD shall judge the people: judge me, O LORD, according to my righteousness, and according to mine integrity that is in me.
2 Kings 11:16  And they laid hands on her; and she went by the way by the which the horses came into the king’s house: and there was she slain.
1 Kings 5:8  And Hiram sent to Solomon, saying, I have considered the things which thou sentest to me for: and I will do all thy desire concerning timber of cedar, and concerning timber of fir.
Joshua 8:10  And Joshua rose up early in the morning, and numbered the people, and went up, he and the elders of Israel, before the people to Ai.
Deuteronomy 22:24  Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel, because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbour’s wife: so thou shalt put away evil from among you.
Genesis 29:30  And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.
James 3:11  Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?
2 Corinthians 1:24  Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand.
John 18:23  Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me?
Luke 12:25  And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit?
Micah 5:9  Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut off.
Ezra 5:6  The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shethar-boznai, and his companions the Apharsachites, which were on this side the river, sent unto Darius the king:
1 Kings 17:20  And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son?
1 Samuel 5:8  They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them, and said, What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel? And they answered, Let the ark of the God of Israel be carried about unto Gath. And they carried the ark of the God of Israel about thither.
Judges 1:24  And the spies saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said unto him, Shew us, we pray thee, the entrance into the city, and we will shew thee mercy.
Deuteronomy 21:22  And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death, and he be to be put to death, and thou hang him on a tree:
1 Chronicles 1:26  Serug, Nahor, Terah,
2 Samuel 9:11  Then said Ziba unto the king, According to all that my lord the king hath commanded his servant, so shall thy servant do. As for Mephibosheth, said the king, he shall eat at my table, as one of the king’s sons.
1 Samuel 9:12  And they answered them, and said, He is; behold, he is before you: make haste now, for he came to day to the city; for there is a sacrifice of the people to day in the high place:
Joshua 22:23  That we have built us an altar to turn from following the LORD, or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offering, or if to offer peace offerings thereon, let the LORD himself require it;
1 Corinthians 12:24  For our comely parts have no need: but God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honour to that part which lacked:
Malachi 3:15  And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt God are even delivered.
Jeremiah 10:16  The portion of Jacob is not like them: for he is the former of all things; and Israel is the rod of his inheritance: The LORD of hosts is his name.
2 Chronicles 6:9  Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name.
1 Kings 17:24  And the woman said to Elijah, Now by this I know that thou art a man of God, and that the word of the LORD in thy mouth is truth.
Deuteronomy 10:14  Behold, the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the LORD’S thy God, the earth also, with all that therein is.
Numbers 1:22  Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
1 Corinthians 12:25  That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another.
Job 5:9  Which doeth great things and unsearchable; marvellous things without number:
Job 2:5  But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face.
1 Chronicles 1:28  The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.
1 Kings 8:13  I have surely built thee an house to dwell in, a settled place for thee to abide in for ever.
Deuteronomy 15:16  And it shall be, if he say unto thee, I will not go away from thee; because he loveth thee and thine house, because he is well with thee;
Numbers 18:19  All the heave offerings of the holy things, which the children of Israel offer unto the LORD, have I given thee, and thy sons and thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: it is a covenant of salt for ever before the LORD unto thee and to thy seed with thee.
Numbers 10:12  And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran.
2 Samuel 13:15  Then Amnon hated her exceedingly; so that the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her. And Amnon said unto her, Arise, be gone.
1 Samuel 14:16  And the watchmen of Saul in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another.
Joshua 6:9  And the armed men went before the priests that blew with the trumpets, and the rereward came after the ark, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.
Genesis 12:20  And Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.
Genesis 11:14  And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber:
1 Peter 3:17  For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing.
Luke 13:20  And again he said, Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God?
Proverbs 13:16  Every prudent man dealeth with knowledge: but a fool layeth open his folly.
Mark 10:10  And in the house his disciples asked him again of the same matter.
Mark 4:13  And he said unto them, Know ye not this parable? and how then will ye know all parables?
Zephaniah 3:6  I have cut off the nations: their towers are desolate; I made their streets waste, that none passeth by: their cities are destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant.
Habakkuk 1:15  They take up all of them with the angle, they catch them in their net, and gather them in their drag: therefore they rejoice and are glad.
Lamentations 3:6  He hath set me in dark places, as they that be dead of old.
Numbers 5:8  But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass unto, let the trespass be recompensed unto the LORD, even to the priest; beside the ram of the atonement, whereby an atonement shall be made for him.
Acts 26:29  And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds.
Matthew 6:23  But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!
Ezekiel 11:12  And ye shall know that I am the LORD: for ye have not walked in my statutes, neither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you.
Esther 8:9  Then were the king’s scribes called at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof; and it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded unto the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the provinces which are from India unto Ethiopia, an hundred twenty and seven provinces, unto every province according to the writing thereof, and unto every people after their language, and to the Jews according to their writing, and according to their language.
2 Chronicles 10:12  So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.
Ecclesiastes 10:12  The words of a wise man’s mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself.
Proverbs 2:4  If thou seekest her as silver, and searchest for her as for hid treasures;
1 Kings 11:17  That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father’s servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child.
Judges 2:4  And it came to pass, when the angel of the LORD spake these words unto all the children of Israel, that the people lifted up their voice, and wept.
Deuteronomy 7:10  And repayeth them that hate him to their face, to destroy them: he will not be slack to him that hateth him, he will repay him to his face.
Luke 12:27  Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say unto you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Zephaniah 1:15  That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of darkness and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness,
Proverbs 16:19  Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
Deuteronomy 1:26  Notwithstanding ye would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God:
1 Thessalonians 2:10  Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe:
Mark 15:26  And the superscription of his accusation was written over, THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Lamentations 1:8  Jerusalem hath grievously sinned; therefore she is removed: all that honoured her despise her, because they have seen her nakedness: yea, she sigheth, and turneth backward.
Proverbs 8:16  By me princes rule, and nobles, even all the judges of the earth.
Acts 16:23  And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely:
Micah 6:15  Thou shalt sow, but thou shalt not reap; thou shalt tread the olives, but thou shalt not anoint thee with oil; and sweet wine, but shalt not drink wine.
Hosea 13:15  Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels.
Song of Solomon 5:6  I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.
1 Samuel 8:14  And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your oliveyards, even the best of them, and give them to his servants.
Judges 1:20  And they gave Hebron unto Caleb, as Moses said: and he expelled thence the three sons of Anak.
Numbers 22:23  And the ass saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and the ass turned aside out of the way, and went into the field: and Balaam smote the ass, to turn her into the way.
Genesis 4:13  And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Isaiah 14:18  All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, every one in his own house.
Proverbs 10:14  Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction.
1 Kings 15:17  And Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah, and built Ramah, that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to Asa king of Judah.
1 Kings 4:8  And these are their names: The son of Hur, in mount Ephraim:
Deuteronomy 6:15  (For the LORD thy God is a jealous God among you) lest the anger of the LORD thy God be kindled against thee, and destroy thee from off the face of the earth.
Deuteronomy 1:22  And ye came near unto me every one of you, and said, We will send men before us, and they shall search us out the land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come.
Leviticus 26:28  Then I will walk contrary unto you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you seven times for your sins.
Genesis 9:15  And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
Lamentations 1:10  The adversary hath spread out his hand upon all her pleasant things: for she hath seen that the heathen entered into her sanctuary, whom thou didst command that they should not enter into thy congregation.
Proverbs 7:9  In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:
Exodus 22:24  And my wrath shall wax hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be widows, and your children fatherless.
Genesis 2:11  The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold;
Mark 11:26  But if ye do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses.
2 Samuel 12:16  David therefore besought God for the child; and David fasted, and went in, and lay all night upon the earth.
Deuteronomy 8:12  Lest when thou hast eaten and art full, and hast built goodly houses, and dwelt therein;
Numbers 1:26  Of the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Exodus 13:16  And it shall be for a token upon thine hand, and for frontlets between thine eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt.
1 Corinthians 14:17  For thou verily givest thanks well, but the other is not edified.
Matthew 22:25  Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:
Matthew 10:13  And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you.
Matthew 6:17  But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face;
Zechariah 8:11  But now I will not be unto the residue of this people as in the former days, saith the LORD of hosts.
Amos 3:8  The lion hath roared, who will not fear? the Lord GOD hath spoken, who can but prophesy?
Daniel 6:9  Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the decree.
Song of Solomon 1:5  I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon.
2 Kings 23:24  Moreover the workers with familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, did Josiah put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 1:27  Is this thing done by my lord the king, and thou hast not shewed it unto thy servant, who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him?
Exodus 9:12  And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had spoken unto Moses.
Jude 1:23  And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh.
1 Peter 2:14  Or unto governors, as unto them that are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well.
Philemon 1:13  Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:
1 Corinthians 9:17  For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me.
Proverbs 26:27  Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him.
Hebrews 11:28  Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them.
1 Corinthians 15:18  Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished.
Acts 2:19  And I will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:
Matthew 20:23  And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.
Micah 7:11  In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed.
Amos 4:7  And also I have withholden the rain from you, when there were yet three months to the harvest: and I caused it to rain upon one city, and caused it not to rain upon another city: one piece was rained upon, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered.
Judges 1:23  And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of the city before was Luz.)
Deuteronomy 28:30  Thou shalt betroth a wife, and another man shall lie with her: thou shalt build an house, and thou shalt not dwell therein: thou shalt plant a vineyard, and shalt not gather the grapes thereof.
1 Corinthians 7:22  For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord’s freeman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ’s servant.
Acts 7:15  So Jacob went down into Egypt, and died, he, and our fathers,
Joel 3:7  Behold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will return your recompence upon your own head:
Luke 14:30  Saying, This man began to build, and was not able to finish.
Zephaniah 1:18  Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD’S wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land.
Nahum 2:3  The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken.
Obadiah 1:20  And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south.
Daniel 6:11  Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God.
Proverbs 3:12  For whom the LORD loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son in whom he delighteth.
Job 19:21  Have pity upon me, have pity upon me, O ye my friends; for the hand of God hath touched me.
2 Kings 11:17  And Jehoiada made a covenant between the LORD and the king and the people that they should be the LORD’S people; between the king also and the people.
Numbers 16:18  And they took every man his censer, and put fire in them, and laid incense thereon, and stood in the door of the tabernacle of the congregation with Moses and Aaron.
Acts 9:19  And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus.
John 4:26  Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.
1 Corinthians 6:10  Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.
Mark 5:13  And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea.
Hosea 6:9  And as troops of robbers wait for a man, so the company of priests murder in the way by consent: for they commit lewdness.
Ecclesiastes 4:8  There is one alone, and there is not a second; yea, he hath neither child nor brother: yet is there no end of all his labour; neither is his eye satisfied with riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my soul of good? This is also vanity, yea, it is a sore travail.
Psalms 10:11  He hath said in his heart, God hath forgotten: he hideth his face; he will never see it.
2 Kings 18:21  Now, behold, thou trustest upon the staff of this bruised reed, even upon Egypt, on which if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt unto all that trust on him.
Numbers 23:25  And Balak said unto Balaam, Neither curse them at all, nor bless them at all.
Psalms 22:24  For he hath not despised nor abhorred the affliction of the afflicted; neither hath he hid his face from him; but when he cried unto him, he heard.
Ezra 6:9  And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail:
1 Kings 8:14  And the king turned his face about, and blessed all the congregation of Israel: (and all the congregation of Israel stood;)
Exodus 12:26  And it shall come to pass, when your children shall say unto you, What mean ye by this service?
Genesis 18:22  And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD.
Acts 7:16  And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem.
John 9:20  His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind:
John 7:19  Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me?
Ecclesiastes 7:11  Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to them that see the sun.
1 Samuel 12:15  But if ye will not obey the voice of the LORD, but rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall the hand of the LORD be against you, as it was against your fathers.
Philemon 1:11  Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:
John 4:30  Then they went out of the city, and came unto him.
Luke 14:24  For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.
Luke 7:15  And he that was dead sat up, and began to speak. And he delivered him to his mother.
Mark 3:11  And unclean spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and cried, saying, Thou art the Son of God.
Matthew 26:40  And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour?
Zephaniah 1:13  Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof.
Amos 5:11  Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor, and ye take from him burdens of wheat: ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell in them; ye have planted pleasant vineyards, but ye shall not drink wine of them.
1 Kings 1:29  And the king sware, and said, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress,
Deuteronomy 9:12  And the LORD said unto me, Arise, get thee down quickly from hence; for thy people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves; they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have made them a molten image.
Philemon 1:9  Yet for love’s sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 11:18  For first of all, when ye come together in the church, I hear that there be divisions among you; and I partly believe it.
Matthew 13:23  But he that received seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty.
Matthew 12:21  And in his name shall the Gentiles trust.
Zechariah 11:13  And the LORD said unto me, Cast it unto the potter: a goodly price that I was prised at of them. And I took the thirty pieces of silver, and cast them to the potter in the house of the LORD.
Micah 6:13  Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate because of thy sins.
Proverbs 17:19  He loveth transgression that loveth strife: and he that exalteth his gate seeketh destruction.
Nehemiah 7:9  The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
1 Chronicles 26:27  Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 12:19  So Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.
1 Samuel 10:12  And one of the same place answered and said, But who is their father? Therefore it became a proverb, Is Saul also among the prophets?
Deuteronomy 23:24  When thou comest into thy neighbour’s vineyard, then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel.
Numbers 18:20  And the LORD spake unto Aaron, Thou shalt have no inheritance in their land, neither shalt thou have any part among them: I am thy part and thine inheritance among the children of Israel.
Mark 3:12  And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known.
Matthew 16:22  Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall not be unto thee.
Malachi 3:12  And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 8:12  Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid.
Proverbs 1:27  When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you.
Leviticus 21:22  He shall eat the bread of his God, both of the most holy, and of the holy.
Genesis 8:11  And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.
1 Thessalonians 3:9  For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God;
Romans 16:21  Timotheus my workfellow, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kinsmen, salute you.
Mark 2:9  Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk?
Matthew 18:27  Then the lord of that servant was moved with compassion, and loosed him, and forgave him the debt.
Daniel 11:14  And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south: also the robbers of thy people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision; but they shall fall.
Jeremiah 12:14  Thus saith the LORD against all mine evil neighbours, that touch the inheritance which I have caused my people Israel to inherit; Behold, I will pluck them out of their land, and pluck out the house of Judah from among them.
Isaiah 9:15  The ancient and honourable, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the tail.
1 Samuel 7:11  And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote them, until they came under Beth-car.
Deuteronomy 32:34  Is not this laid up in store with me, and sealed up among my treasures?
Numbers 8:9  And thou shalt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together:
1 Thessalonians 2:9  For ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail: for labouring night and day, because we would not be chargeable unto any of you, we preached unto you the gospel of God.
1 Corinthians 10:21  Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lord’s table, and of the table of devils.
1 Corinthians 7:31  And they that use this world, as not abusing it: for the fashion of this world passeth away.
Matthew 9:16  No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse.
Joel 2:18  Then will the LORD be jealous for his land, and pity his people.
Ezekiel 1:23  And under the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies.
Jeremiah 2:6  Neither said they, Where is the LORD that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, that led us through the wilderness, through a land of deserts and of pits, through a land of drought, and of the shadow of death, through a land that no man passed through, and where no man dwelt?
Mark 3:10  For he had healed many; insomuch that they pressed upon him for to touch him, as many as had plagues.
Proverbs 21:23  Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles.
Proverbs 10:16  The labour of the righteous tendeth to life: the fruit of the wicked to sin.
1 Chronicles 6:9  And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,
Leviticus 5:7  And if he be not able to bring a lamb, then he shall bring for his trespass, which he hath committed, two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, unto the LORD; one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
2 Peter 2:11  Whereas angels, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord.
John 6:21  Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went.
Luke 2:16  And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.
Micah 4:7  And I will make her that halted a remnant, and her that was cast far off a strong nation: and the LORD shall reign over them in mount Zion from henceforth, even for ever.
Lamentations 1:11  All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things for meat to relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vile.
Jeremiah 10:17  Gather up thy wares out of the land, O inhabitant of the fortress.
Judges 2:7  And the people served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua, who had seen all the great works of the LORD, that he did for Israel.
Genesis 31:32  With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.
1 Timothy 6:18  That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate;
Judges 8:10  Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and their hosts with them, about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the children of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword.
Judges 1:25  And when he shewed them the entrance into the city, they smote the city with the edge of the sword; but they let go the man and all his family.
Romans 5:16  And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift: for the judgment was by one to condemnation, but the free gift is of many offences unto justification.
John 7:21  Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel.
Matthew 12:20  A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory.
Ezekiel 13:14  So will I break down the wall that ye have daubed with untempered morter, and bring it down to the ground, so that the foundation thereof shall be discovered, and it shall fall, and ye shall be consumed in the midst thereof: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Nehemiah 10:12  Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,
1 Kings 12:16  So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, O Israel: now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed unto their tents.
Psalms 5:7  But as for me, I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple.
Nehemiah 8:11  So the Levites stilled all the people, saying, Hold your peace, for the day is holy; neither be ye grieved.
2 Samuel 14:16  For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God.
Numbers 28:29  A several tenth deal unto one lamb, throughout the seven lambs;
Exodus 7:11  Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers: now the magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments.
Revelation 6:13  And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind.
Hebrews 13:19  But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner.
1 Thessalonians 3:11  Now God himself and our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way unto you.
Matthew 15:20  These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man.
Obadiah 1:19  And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
Ezekiel 9:11  And, behold, the man clothed with linen, which had the inkhorn by his side, reported the matter, saying, I have done as thou hast commanded me.
Jeremiah 7:11  Is this house, which is called by my name, become a den of robbers in your eyes? Behold, even I have seen it, saith the LORD.
Job 13:16  He also shall be my salvation: for an hypocrite shall not come before him.
Ezra 7:12  Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time.
1 Chronicles 12:14  These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.
1 Kings 3:6  And Solomon said, Thou hast shewed unto thy servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked before thee in truth, and in righteousness, and in uprightness of heart with thee; and thou hast kept for him this great kindness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne, as it is this day.
Numbers 15:17  And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Revelation 4:9  And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,
1 Corinthians 9:20  And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law;
John 16:25  These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father.
2 Kings 11:14  And when she looked, behold, the king stood by a pillar, as the manner was, and the princes and the trumpeters by the king, and all the people of the land rejoiced, and blew with trumpets: and Athaliah rent her clothes, and cried, Treason, Treason.
2 Samuel 9:12  And Mephibosheth had a young son, whose name was Micha. And all that dwelt in the house of Ziba were servants unto Mephibosheth.
Exodus 3:10  Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.
Genesis 3:2  And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
1 Corinthians 7:19  Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of the commandments of God.
Joel 2:16  Gather the people, sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet.
Ezekiel 8:9  And he said unto me, Go in, and behold the wicked abominations that they do here.
2 Kings 2:4  And Elijah said unto him, Elisha, tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Jericho. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they came to Jericho.
1 Kings 22:24  But Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah went near, and smote Micaiah on the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee?
1 Kings 2:4  That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me, saying, If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the throne of Israel.
Judges 1:22  And the house of Joseph, they also went up against Bethel: and the LORD was with them.
Deuteronomy 1:23  and the saying pleased me well: and I took twelve men of you, one of a tribe:
James 2:2  For if there come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring, in goodly apparel, and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment;
Deuteronomy 6:19  To cast out all thine enemies from before thee, as the LORD hath spoken.
1 Corinthians 7:20  Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called.
Nehemiah 5:7  Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother. And I set a great assembly against them.
1 Kings 4:7  And Solomon had twelve officers over all Israel, which provided victuals for the king and his household: each man his month in a year made provision.
Judges 6:10  And I said unto you, I am the LORD your God; fear not the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but ye have not obeyed my voice.
Numbers 31:32  And the booty, being the rest of the prey which the men of war had caught, was six hundred thousand and seventy thousand and five thousand sheep,
Exodus 12:18  In the first month, on the fourteenth day of the month at even, ye shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and twentieth day of the month at even.
Luke 20:26  And they could not take hold of his words before the people: and they marvelled at his answer, and held their peace.
Matthew 7:19  Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Proverbs 10:13  In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding.
Ezra 4:8  Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort:
2 Chronicles 1:1  And Solomon the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom, and the LORD his God was with him, and magnified him exceedingly.
2 Kings 10:14  And he said, Take them alive. And they took them alive, and slew them at the pit of the shearing house, even two and forty men; neither left he any of them.
2 Samuel 17:19  And the woman took and spread a covering over the well’s mouth, and spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known.
Genesis 9:18  And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan.
John 11:18  Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:
Nehemiah 12:14  Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;
Mark 14:20  And he answered and said unto them, It is one of the twelve, that dippeth with me in the dish.
Daniel 9:16  O Lord, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee, let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem, thy holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers, Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us.
Lamentations 1:9  Her filthiness is in her skirts; she remembereth not her last end; therefore she came down wonderfully: she had no comforter. O LORD, behold my affliction: for the enemy hath magnified himself.
Jeremiah 17:20  And say unto them, Hear ye the word of the LORD, ye kings of Judah, and all Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, that enter in by these gates:
Zechariah 9:12  Turn you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee;
Zechariah 6:8  Then cried he upon me, and spake unto me, saying, Behold, these that go toward the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country.
Isaiah 9:17  Therefore the Lord shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer, and every mouth speaketh folly. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
1 Chronicles 5:8  And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baal-meon:
Leviticus 13:14  But when raw flesh appeareth in him, he shall be unclean.
Revelation 18:21  And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all.
1 Corinthians 10:22  Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?
Acts 24:27  But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix’ room: and Felix, willing to shew the Jews a pleasure, left Paul bound.
Luke 24:7  Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again.
Psalms 10:12  Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble.
1 Kings 11:15  For it came to pass, when David was in Edom, and Joab the captain of the host was gone up to bury the slain, after he had smitten every male in Edom;
Numbers 1:23  Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.
Leviticus 11:16  And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckow, and the hawk after his kind,
2 Corinthians 12:15  And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved.
Luke 9:19  They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again.
Mark 9:19  He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me.
Matthew 2:7  Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared.
Ezekiel 7:8  Now will I shortly pour out my fury upon thee, and accomplish mine anger upon thee: and I will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense thee for all thine abominations.
Jeremiah 10:18  For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once, and will distress them, that they may find it so.
Numbers 11:17  And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone.
Acts 5:16  There came also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed every one.
John 6:17  And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them.
Luke 10:10  But into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you not, go your ways out into the streets of the same, and say,
Job 2:6  And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, he is in thine hand; but save his life.
1 Kings 18:25  And Elijah said unto the prophets of Baal, Choose you one bullock for yourselves, and dress it first; for ye are many; and call on the name of your gods, but put no fire under.
Joshua 5:7  And their children, whom he raised up in their stead, them Joshua circumcised: for they were uncircumcised, because they had not circumcised them by the way.
Genesis 11:17  And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.
Acts 4:14  And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it.
Daniel 3:6  And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
Lamentations 4:6  For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthrown as in a moment, and no hands stayed on her.
Isaiah 30:31  For through the voice of the LORD shall the Assyrian be beaten down, which smote with a rod.
Leviticus 22:23  Either a bullock or a lamb that hath any thing superfluous or lacking in his parts, that mayest thou offer for a freewill offering; but for a vow it shall not be accepted.
Exodus 2:5  And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river’s side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it.
Acts 6:15  And all that sat in the council, looking stedfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face of an angel.
John 1:37  And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus.
Luke 24:31  And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.
Luke 4:15  And he taught in their synagogues, being glorified of all.
Luke 1:50  And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to generation.
Zephaniah 1:17  And I will bring distress upon men, that they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung.
2 Kings 12:19  And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
1 Kings 1:31  Then Bath-sheba bowed with her face to the earth, and did reverence to the king, and said, Let my lord king David live for ever.
1 Samuel 13:16  And Saul, and Jonathan his son, and the people that were present with them, abode in Gibeah of Benjamin: but the Philistines encamped in Michmash.
Hebrews 3:10  Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways.
2 Corinthians 8:18  And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;
Romans 5:21  That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.
Jonah 4:6  And the LORD God prepared a gourd, and made it to come up over Jonah, that it might be a shadow over his head, to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd.
Lamentations 1:14  The yoke of my transgressions is bound by his hand: they are wreathed, and come up upon my neck: he hath made my strength to fall, the Lord hath delivered me into their hands, from whom I am not able to rise up.
Lamentations 1:12  Is it nothing to you, all ye that pass by? behold, and see if there be any sorrow like unto my sorrow, which is done unto me, wherewith the LORD hath afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger.
2 Chronicles 7:10  And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the goodness that the LORD had shewed unto David, and to Solomon, and to Israel his people.
Exodus 15:18  The LORD shall reign for ever and ever.
2 Timothy 4:9  Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:
1 Corinthians 11:21  For in eating every one taketh before other his own supper: and one is hungry, and another is drunken.
Luke 18:24  And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!
Job 11:15  For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot; yea, thou shalt be stedfast, and shalt not fear:
2 Chronicles 25:26  Now the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?
Joshua 10:14  And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for Israel.
Luke 17:22  And he said unto the disciples, The days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not seeit.
Luke 7:16  And there came a fear on all: and they glorified God, saying, That a great prophet is risen up among us; and, That God hath visited his people.
Luke 4:12  And Jesus answering said unto him, It is said, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.
Jeremiah 18:19  Give heed to me, O LORD, and hearken to the voice of them that contend with me.
1 Kings 8:16  Since the day that I brought forth my people Israel out of Egypt, I chose no city out of all the tribes of Israel to build an house, that my name might be therein; but I chose David to be over my people Israel.
Ephesians 2:16  And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:
2 Corinthians 12:16  But be it so, I did not burden you: nevertheless, being crafty, I caught you with guile.
2 Corinthians 3:9  For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory.
1 Corinthians 7:26  I suppose therefore that this is good for the present distress, I say, that it is good for a man so to be.
Romans 15:21  But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand.
Luke 11:22  But when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils.
Proverbs 12:16  A fool’s wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covereth shame.
Nehemiah 8:14  And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month:
1 John 3:19  And hereby we know that we are of the truth, and shall assure our hearts before him.
2 Peter 2:15  Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray, following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness;
2 Thessalonians 2:12  That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.
1 Corinthians 7:27  Art thou bound unto a wife? seek not to be loosed. Art thou loosed from a wife? seek not a wife.
Acts 13:23  Of this man’s seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus:
Job 7:10  He shall return no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more.
Nehemiah 11:13  And his brethren, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and Amashai the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,
2 Kings 18:25  Am I now come up without the LORD against this place to destroy it? The LORD said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
Romans 3:13  Their throat is an open sepulchre; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps is under their lips:
Zechariah 3:5  And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by.
Hosea 2:6  Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths.
Exodus 30:31  And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, This shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations.
Acts 19:24  For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen;
John 6:20  But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid.
Hosea 3:5  Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the LORD their God, and David their king; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days.
Proverbs 10:17  He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction: but he that refuseth reproof erreth.
Ezra 2:4  The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
2 Chronicles 12:14  And he did evil, because he prepared not his heart to seek the LORD.
Judges 14:15  And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they said unto Samson’s wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father’s house with fire: have ye called us to take that we have? is it not so?
Revelation 8:11  And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter.
Matthew 7:29  For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.
Lamentations 1:22  Let all their wickedness come before thee; and do unto them, as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint.
Psalms 3:5  I laid me down and slept; I awaked; for the LORD sustained me.
Job 24:25  And if it be not so now, who will make me a liar, and make my speech nothing worth?
Job 11:14  If iniquity be in thine hand, put it far away, and let not wickedness dwell in thy tabernacles.
2 Kings 8:16  And in the fifth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel, Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah, Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began to reign.
Numbers 7:9  But unto the sons of Kohath he gave none: because the service of the sanctuary belonging unto them was that they should bear upon their shoulders.
Leviticus 3:4  And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.
Revelation 2:11  He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death.
2 Peter 2:14  Having eyes full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls: an heart they have exercised with covetous practices; cursed children:
Zephaniah 3:8  Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy.
Zephaniah 2:4  For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noonday, and Ekron shall be rooted up.
Ecclesiastes 8:10  And so I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done: this is also vanity.
1 Samuel 8:13  And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and to be bakers.
John 9:19  And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see?
Zechariah 7:9  Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Execute true judgment, and shew mercy and compassions every man to his brother:
2 Kings 8:13  And Hazael said, But what, is thy servant a dog, that he should do this great thing? And Elisha answered, The LORD hath shewed me that thou shalt be king over Syria.
Hebrews 9:20  Saying, This is the blood of the testament which God hath enjoined unto you.
Acts 12:24  But the word of God grew and multiplied.
John 1:50  Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these.
Mark 6:15  Others said, That it is Elias. And others said, That it is a prophet, or as one of the prophets.
Matthew 6:4  That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly.
Jeremiah 15:17  I sat not in the assembly of the mockers, nor rejoiced; I sat alone because of thy hand: for thou hast filled me with indignation.
1 Chronicles 1:27  Abram; the same is Abraham.
Deuteronomy 1:28  Whither shall we go up? our brethren have discouraged our heart, saying, The people is greater and taller than we; the cities are great and walled up to heaven; and moreover we have seen the sons of the Anakims there.
1 Peter 5:12  By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand.
2 Thessalonians 3:9  Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us.
John 6:3  And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples.
John 6:2  And a great multitude followed him, because they saw his miracles which he did on them that were diseased.
Habakkuk 2:6  Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a taunting proverb against him, and say, Woe to him that increaseth that which is not his! how long? and to him that ladeth himself with thick clay!
Habakkuk 1:16  Therefore they sacrifice unto their net, and burn incense unto their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous.
Proverbs 5:8  Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:
1 Kings 16:18  And it came to pass, when Zimri saw that the city was taken, that he went into the palace of the king’s house, and burnt the king’s house over him with fire, and died,
Romans 7:16  If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good.
Luke 7:21  And in that same hour he cured many of their infirmities and plagues, and of evil spirits; and unto many that were blind he gave sight.
Matthew 11:17  And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not lamented.
Matthew 2:8  And he sent them to Bethlehem, and said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when ye have found him, bring me word again, that I may come and worship him also.
Esther 4:7  And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king’s treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them.
1 Samuel 2:8  He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth up the beggar from the dunghill, to set them among princes, and to make them inherit the throne of glory: for the pillars of the earth are the LORD’S, and he hath set the world upon them.
Revelation 6:11  And white robes were given unto every one of them; and it was said unto them, that they should rest yet for a little season, until their fellowservants also and their brethren, that should be killed as they were, should be fulfilled.
2 Corinthians 3:11  For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious.
Mark 8:18  Having eyes, see ye not? and having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?
Matthew 9:19  And Jesus arose, and followed him, and so did his disciples.
Joel 3:8  And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of Judah, and they shall sell them to the Sabeans, to a people far off: for the LORD hath spoken it.
Hosea 7:9  Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not: yea, gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet he knoweth not.
Lamentations 1:18  The LORD is righteous; for I have rebelled against his commandment: hear, I pray you, all people, and behold my sorrow: my virgins and my young men are gone into captivity.
Isaiah 14:17  That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners?
Isaiah 9:16  For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed.
Isaiah 3:6  When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father, saying, Thou hast clothing, be thou our ruler, and let this ruin be under thy hand:
Judges 5:7  The inhabitants of the villages ceased, they ceased in Israel, until that I Deborah arose, that I arose a mother in Israel.
Deuteronomy 5:10  And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments.
1 Corinthians 11:20  When ye come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat the Lord’s supper.
John 12:18  For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.
Luke 9:21  And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to tell no man that thing;
Matthew 9:21  For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.
Matthew 2:9  When they had heard the king, they departed; and, lo, the star, which they saw in the east, went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was.
Proverbs 12:17  He that speaketh truth sheweth forth righteousness: but a false witness deceit.
Nehemiah 4:7  But it came to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, and that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth,
Ezra 4:7  And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue.
2 Kings 7:9  Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king’s household.
2 Kings 6:11  Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said unto them, Will ye not shew me which of us is for the king of Israel?
2 Kings 3:6  And king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time, and numbered all Israel.
Judges 7:9  And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Arise, get thee down unto the host; for I have delivered it into thine hand.
Numbers 16:19  And Korah gathered all the congregation against them unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the congregation.
Genesis 10:14  And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.
Hebrews 12:19  And the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more:
Philemon 1:25  The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Acts 12:22  And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man.
Mark 5:11  Now there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding.
Daniel 10:16  And, behold, one like the similitude of the sons of men touched my lips: then I opened my mouth, and spake, and said unto him that stood before me, O my lord, by the vision my sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength.
Lamentations 3:7  He hath hedged me about, that I cannot get out: he hath made my chain heavy.
Proverbs 6:10  Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:
Psalms 6:8  Depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity; for the LORD hath heard the voice of my weeping.
Psalms 4:6  There be many that say, Who will shew us any good? LORD, lift thou up the light of thy countenance upon us.
Psalms 2:5  Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure.
1 Kings 6:11  And the word of the LORD came to Solomon, saying,
Judges 9:12  Then said the trees unto the vine, Come thou, and reign over us.
Judges 2:6  And when Joshua had let the people go, the children of Israel went every man unto his inheritance to possess the land.
Numbers 12:16  And afterward the people removed from Hazeroth, and pitched in the wilderness of Paran.
Acts 27:29  Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.
Mark 1:44  And saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.
2 Chronicles 7:12  And the LORD appeared to Solomon by night, and said unto him, I have heard thy prayer, and have chosen this place to myself for an house of sacrifice.
2 Samuel 8:12  Of Syria, and of Moab, and of the children of Ammon, and of the Philistines, and of Amalek, and of the spoil of Hadadezer, son of Rehob, king of Zobah.
Galatians 4:13  Ye know how through infirmity of the flesh I preached the gospel unto you at the first.
John 11:19  And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother.
John 6:4  And the passover, a feast of the Jews, was nigh.
Matthew 27:31  And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him.
Hosea 12:14  Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his Lord return unto him.
Job 12:17  He leadeth counsellors away spoiled, and maketh the judges fools.
Esther 8:10  And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus’ name, and sealed it with the king’s ring, and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries:
2 Samuel 13:16  And she said unto him, There is no cause: this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that thou didst unto me. But he would not hearken unto her.
2 Samuel 10:12  Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seemeth him good.
2 Samuel 8:11  Which also king David did dedicate unto the LORD, with the silver and gold that he had dedicated of all nations which he subdued;
Luke 21:31  So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand.
Micah 2:5  Therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD.
Isaiah 13:15  Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword.
1 Kings 7:9  All these were of costly stones, according to the measures of hewed stones, sawed with saws, within and without, even from the foundation unto the coping, and so on the outside toward the great court.
1 Samuel 17:20  And David rose up early in the morning, and left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle.
Ruth 4:8  Therefore the kinsman said unto Boaz, Buy it for thee. So he drew off his shoe.
John 8:6  This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not.
Zechariah 2:4  And said unto him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein:
Haggai 2:5  According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not.
Jeremiah 29:31  Send to all them of the captivity, saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie:
Job 19:22  Why do ye persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?
2 Chronicles 2:4  Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn before him sweet incense, and for the continual shewbread, and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to Israel.
1 Chronicles 8:10  And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers.
1 Kings 9:15  And this is the reason of the levy which king Solomon raised; for to build the house of the LORD, and his own house, and Millo, and the wall of Jerusalem, and Hazor, and Megiddo, and Gezer.
Exodus 3:17  And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey.
Revelation 4:10  The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying,
Ephesians 4:19  Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.
2 Corinthians 11:21  I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also.
1 Corinthians 3:12  Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;
Lamentations 1:15  The Lord hath trodden under foot all my mighty men in the midst of me: he hath called an assembly against me to crush my young men: the Lord hath trodden the virgin, the daughter of Judah, as in a winepress.
Proverbs 8:14  Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I have strength.
2 Chronicles 5:8  For the cherubims spread forth their wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubims covered the ark and the staves thereof above.
2 Kings 13:15  And Elisha said unto him, Take bow and arrows. And he took unto him bow and arrows.
1 Kings 1:30  Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of Israel, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne in my stead; even so will I certainly do this day.
2 Samuel 2:6  And now the LORD shew kindness and truth unto you: and I also will requite you this kindness, because ye have done this thing.
John 10:2  But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
John 9:18  But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight.
Luke 15:19  And am no more worthy to be called thy son: make me as one of thy hired servants.
Ezra 10:14  Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us.
2 Kings 8:14  So he departed from Elisha, and came to his master; who said to him, What said Elisha to thee? And he answered, He told me that thou shouldest surely recover.
2 Kings 4:7  Then she came and told the man of God. And he said, Go, sell the oil, and pay thy debt, and live thou and thy children of the rest.
2 Samuel 12:18  And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?
Joshua 18:19  And the border passed along to the side of Beth-hoglah northward: and the outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the salt sea at the south end of Jordan: this was the south coast.
Leviticus 23:25  Ye shall do no servile work therein: but ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Acts 13:25  And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I am? I am not he. But, behold, there cometh one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to loose.
Acts 6:14  For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us.
Mark 2:16  And when the scribes and Pharisees saw him eat with publicans and sinners, they said unto his disciples, How is it that he eateth and drinketh with publicans and sinners?
Lamentations 1:13  From above hath he sent fire into my bones, and it prevaileth against them: he hath spread a net for my feet, he hath turned me back: he hath made me desolate and faint all the day.
Job 7:12  Am I a sea, or a whale, that thou settest a watch over me?
1 Chronicles 25:26  The nineteenth to Mallothi, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
2 Kings 5:9  So Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha.
2 Samuel 13:18  And she had a garment of divers colours upon her: for with such robes were the king’s daughters that were virgins apparelled. Then his servant brought her out, and bolted the door after her.
1 Samuel 15:18  And the LORD sent thee on a journey, and said, Go and utterly destroy the sinners the Amalekites, and fight against them until they be consumed.
Romans 3:17  And the way of peace have they not known:
Luke 15:23  And bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry:
Numbers 9:12  They shall leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it.
Acts 2:26  Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope:
Luke 8:17  For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.
Job 3:6  As for that night, let darkness seize upon it; let it not be joined unto the days of the year, let it not come into the number of the months.
Judges 4:8  And Barak said unto her, If thou wilt go with me, then I will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go.
Acts 4:15  But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,
Luke 6:18  And they that were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed.
Luke 5:15  But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him: and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.
Matthew 21:25  The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him?
Matthew 3:14  But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?
Daniel 5:10  Now the queen, by reason of the words of the king and his lords, came into the banquet house: and the queen spake and said, O king, live for ever: let not thy thoughts trouble thee, nor let thy countenance be changed:
Ecclesiastes 6:7  All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled.
2 Chronicles 15:17  But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days.
Proverbs 3:10  So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out with new wine.
2 Samuel 5:14  And these be the names of those that were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shammuah, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon,
Judges 16:18  And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he hath shewed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and brought money in their hand.
Genesis 10:13  And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
2 Thessalonians 3:11  For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies.
Acts 15:26  Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Ezekiel 17:18  Seeing he despised the oath by breaking the covenant, when, lo, he had given his hand, and hath done all these things, he shall not escape.
Proverbs 2:5  Then shalt thou understand the fear of the LORD, and find the knowledge of God.
Job 12:16  With him is strength and wisdom: the deceived and the deceiver are his.
1 Chronicles 1:29  These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
2 Kings 5:10  And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, Go and wash in the Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean.
2 Timothy 2:5  And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except he strive lawfully.
Numbers 1:28  Of the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Daniel 10:17  For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord? for as for me, straightway there remained no strength in me, neither is there breath left in me.
Jeremiah 3:8  And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsliding Israel committed adultery I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce; yet her treacherous sister Judah feared not, but went and played the harlot also.
Proverbs 14:17  He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated.
2 Kings 19:22  Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.
2 Kings 11:15  But Jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the hundreds, the officers of the host, and said unto them, Have her forth without the ranges: and him that followeth her kill with the sword. For the priest had said, Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:10  The adversaries of the LORD shall be broken to pieces; out of heaven shall he thunder upon them: the LORD shall judge the ends of the earth; and he shall give strength unto his king, and exalt the horn of his anointed.
Genesis 5:10  And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:
Mark 9:21  And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came unto him? And he said, Of a child.
Matthew 22:26  Likewise the second also, and the third, unto the seventh.
Matthew 21:24  And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things.
Joel 3:17  So shall ye know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy, and there shall no strangers pass through her any more.
1 Chronicles 16:18  Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance;
1 Samuel 3:6  And the LORD called yet again, Samuel. And Samuel arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And he answered, I called not, my son; lie down again.
Judges 1:26  And the man went into the land of the Hittites, and built a city, and called the name thereof Luz: which is the name thereof unto this day.
Deuteronomy 13:16  And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the midst of the street thereof, and shalt burn with fire the city, and all the spoil thereof every whit, for the LORD thy God: and it shall be an heap for ever; it shall not be built again.
Exodus 28:29  And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the breastplate of judgment upon his heart, when he goeth in unto the holy place, for a memorial before the LORD continually.
Genesis 5:9  And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan:
1 Corinthians 1:31  That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.
John 1:44  Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter.
Luke 11:26  Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first.
Daniel 9:19  O Lord, hear; O Lord, forgive; O Lord, hearken and do; defer not, for thine own sake, O my God: for thy city and thy people are called by thy name.
Isaiah 10:13  For he saith, By the strength of my hand I have done it, and by my wisdom; for I am prudent: and I have removed the bounds of the people, and have robbed their treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant man:
Isaiah 2:8  Their land also is full of idols; they worship the work of their own hands, that which their own fingers have made:
Nehemiah 12:19  And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;
Nehemiah 2:4  Then the king said unto me, For what dost thou make request? So I prayed to the God of heaven.
1 Kings 13:15  Then he said unto him, Come home with me, and eat bread.
Joshua 13:15  And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families.
Numbers 20:21  Thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his border: wherefore Israel turned away from him.
Leviticus 11:14  And the vulture, and the kite after his kind;
Leviticus 9:10  But the fat, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver of the sin offering, he burnt upon the altar; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Genesis 4:11  And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother’s blood from thy hand;
1 Corinthians 9:21  To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law.
Luke 17:24  For as the lightning, that lighteneth out of the one part under heaven, shineth unto the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day.
Acts 11:24  For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much people was added unto the Lord.
Zephaniah 3:7  I said, Surely thou wilt fear me, thou wilt receive instruction; so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished them: but they rose early, and corrupted all their doings.
Ezekiel 36:37  Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel, to do it for them; I will increase them with men like a flock.
1 Chronicles 23:24  These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD, from the age of twenty years and upward.
Exodus 3:12  And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain.
Acts 18:22  And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch.
Luke 6:21  Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh.
Job 16:18  O earth, cover not thou my blood, and let my cry have no place.
2 Kings 16:18  And the covert for the sabbath that they had built in the house, and the king’s entry without, turned he from the house of the LORD for the king of Assyria.
1 Thessalonians 2:12  That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory.
2 Corinthians 11:19  For ye suffer fools gladly, seeing ye yourselves are wise.
Matthew 7:25  And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock.
Lamentations 1:16  For these things I weep; mine eye, mine eye runneth down with water, because the comforter that should relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy prevailed.
Proverbs 11:17  The merciful man doeth good to his own soul: but he that is cruel troubleth his own flesh.
Psalms 5:8  Lead me, O LORD, in thy righteousness because of mine enemies; make thy way straight before my face.
2 Chronicles 4:6  He made also ten lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the left, to wash in them: such things as they offered for the burnt offering they washed in them; but the sea was for the priests to wash in.
2 Samuel 5:10  And David went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts was with him.
Ruth 4:7  Now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing, for to confirm all things; a man plucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbour: and this was a testimony in Israel.
Judges 6:12  And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valour.
Matthew 14:21  And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.
Job 4:8  Even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity, and sow wickedness, reap the same.
Nehemiah 10:14  The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahath-moab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani,
Nehemiah 9:13  Thou camest down also upon mount Sinai, and spakest with them from heaven, and gavest them right judgments, and true laws, good statutes and commandments:
1 Chronicles 2:4  And Tamar his daughter in law bare him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five.
1 Kings 8:15  And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which spake with his mouth unto David my father, and hath with his hand fulfilled it, saying,
2 Samuel 11:15  And he wrote in the letter, saying, Set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire ye from him, that he may be smitten, and die.
1 Samuel 8:15  And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants.
Judges 1:28  And it came to pass, when Israel was strong, that they put the Canaanites to tribute, and did not utterly drive them out.
Philippians 4:15  Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving, but ye only.
Romans 6:21  What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the end of those things is death.
Zechariah 5:6  And I said, What is it? And he said, This is an ephah that goeth forth. He said moreover, This is their resemblance through all the earth.
Romans 3:16  Destruction and misery are in their ways:
Job 4:7  Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the righteous cut off?
2 Chronicles 24:25  And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city of David, but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings.
2 Chronicles 20:22  And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.
2 Kings 12:16  The trespass money and sin money was not brought into the house of the LORD: it was the priests’.
2 Samuel 8:13  And David gat him a name when he returned from smiting of the Syrians in the valley of salt, being eighteen thousand men.
Ruth 4:18  Now these are the generations of Pharez: Pharez begat Hezron,
Leviticus 11:20  All fowls that creep, going upon all four, shall be an abomination unto you.
1 Timothy 5:13  And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they ought not.
Galatians 2:12  For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision.
Ephesians 6:21  But that ye also may know my affairs, and how I do, Tychicus, a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord, shall make known to you all things:
John 6:6  And this he said to prove him: for he himself knew what he would do.
Micah 4:9  Now why dost thou cry out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail.
Proverbs 11:18  The wicked worketh a deceitful work: but to him that soweth righteousness shall be a sure reward.
Psalms 18:20  The LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness; according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me.
2 Samuel 22:24  I was also upright before him, and have kept myself from mine iniquity.
John 4:28  The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men,
Luke 18:29  And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God’s sake,
Mark 2:12  And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.
Jeremiah 14:16  And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword; and they shall have none to bury them, them, their wives, nor their sons, nor their daughters: for I will pour their wickedness upon them.
Job 38:40  When they couch in their dens, and abide in the covert to lie in wait?
1 Chronicles 4:6  And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah.
2 Samuel 11:16  And it came to pass, when Joab observed the city, that he assigned Uriah unto a place where he knew that valiant men were.
Joshua 2:4  And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men unto me, but I wist not whence they were:
Numbers 11:1  And when the people complained, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.
Leviticus 4:6  And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD, before the vail of the sanctuary.
Leviticus 2:3  And the remnant of the meat offerings shall be Aaron’s and his sons’: it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.
Genesis 6:18  But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons’ wives with thee.
2 Peter 2:13  And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot in the daytime. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves with their own deceivings while they feast with you;
James 5:2  Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten.
1 Timothy 4:9  This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.
2 Corinthians 6:10  As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.
Acts 7:21  And when he was cast out, Pharaoh’s daughter took him up, and nourished him for her own son.
Matthew 14:17  And they say unto him, We have here but five loaves, and two fishes.
Malachi 3:18  Then shall ye return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not.
Zechariah 11:14  Then I cut asunder mine other staff, even Bands, that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel.
Ezekiel 3:5  For thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an hard language, but to the house of Israel;
Jeremiah 3:7  And I said after she had done all these things, Turn thou unto me. But she returned not. And her treacherous sister Judah saw it.
Proverbs 10:18  He that hideth hatred with lying lips, and he that uttereth a slander, is a fool.
Nehemiah 4:8  And conspired all of them together to come and to fight against Jerusalem, and to hinder it.
1 Kings 1:26  But me, even me thy servant, and Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and thy servant Solomon, hath he not called.
1 Samuel 13:18  And another company turned the way to Beth-horon: and another company turned to the way of the border that looketh to the valley of Zeboim toward the wilderness.
Genesis 15:21  And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites.
Hebrews 13:22  And I beseech you, brethren, suffer the word of exhortation: for I have written a letter unto you in few words.
Philemon 1:12  Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:
Acts 7:17  But when the time of the promise drew nigh, which God had sworn to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,
Mark 4:15  And these are they by the way side, where the word is sown; but when they have heard, Satan cometh immediately, and taketh away the word that was sown in their hearts.
Zechariah 14:17  And it shall be, that whoso will not come up of all the families of the earth unto Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, even upon them shall be no rain.
Habakkuk 3:6  He stood, and measured the earth: he beheld, and drove asunder the nations; and the everlasting mountains were scattered, the perpetual hills did bow: his ways are everlasting.
Amos 5:1  Hear ye this word which I take up against you, even a lamentation, O house of Israel.
Ecclesiastes 4:7  Then I returned, and I saw vanity under the sun.
1 Kings 5:9  My servants shall bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint me, and will cause them to be discharged there, and thou shalt receive them: and thou shalt accomplish my desire, in giving food for my household.
1 Samuel 18:25  And Saul said, Thus shall ye say to David, The king desireth not any dowry, but an hundred foreskins of the Philistines, to be avenged of the king’s enemies. But Saul thought to make David fall by the hand of the Philistines.
Deuteronomy 12:15  Notwithstanding thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all thy gates, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee: the unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart.
Deuteronomy 5:11  Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain: for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.
Exodus 12:21  Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel, and said unto them, Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families, and kill the passover.
Genesis 9:17  And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.
Philippians 4:14  Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction.
2 Corinthians 12:19  Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you? we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying.
John 6:23  (Howbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh unto the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:)
Mark 14:23  And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all drank of it.
Matthew 27:30  And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.
Matthew 18:28  But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest.
Job 31:33  If I covered my transgressions as Adam, by hiding mine iniquity in my bosom:
Job 5:11  To set up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety.
Esther 4:6  So Hatach went forth to Mordecai unto the street of the city, which was before the king’s gate.
2 Samuel 4:6  And they came thither into the midst of the house, as though they would have fetched wheat; and they smote him under the fifth rib: and Rechab and Baanah his brother escaped.
Deuteronomy 10:16  Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart, and be no more stiffnecked.
Deuteronomy 4:13  And he declared unto you his covenant, which he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments; and he wrote them upon two tables of stone.
2 Corinthians 11:18  Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also.
1 Corinthians 12:30  Have all the gifts of healing? do all speak with tongues? do all interpret?
Romans 15:23  But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you;
John 7:20  The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?
Luke 23:28  But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children.
Luke 22:27  For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not he that sitteth at meat? but I am among you as he that serveth.
Mark 10:26  And they were astonished out of measure, saying among themselves, Who then can be saved?
Isaiah 10:14  And my hand hath found as a nest the riches of the people: and as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered all the earth; and there was none that moved the wing, or opened the mouth, or peeped.
2 Chronicles 29:31  Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the LORD. And the congregation brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as many as were of a free heart burnt offerings.
2 Chronicles 8:10  And these were the chief of king Solomon’s officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rule over the people.
2 Samuel 18:20  And Joab said unto him, Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day: but this day thou shalt bear no tidings, because the king’s son is dead.
Joshua 10:16  But these five kings fled, and hid themselves in a cave at Makkedah.
Exodus 10:14  And the locusts went up over all the land of Egypt, and rested in all the coasts of Egypt: very grievous were they; before them there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such.
Hebrews 7:14  For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Juda; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood.
2 Thessalonians 2:2  That ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand.
Mark 11:28  And say unto him, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority to do these things?
Mark 1:39  And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee, and cast out devils.
Isaiah 2:7  Their land also is full of silver and gold, neither is there any end of their treasures; their land is also full of horses, neither is there any end of their chariots:
Exodus 7:10  And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and they did so as the LORD had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh, and before his servants, and it became a serpent.
Revelation 8:12  And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.
John 13:22  Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.
Luke 22:37  For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end.
Matthew 14:18  He said, Bring them hither to me.
Daniel 4:9  O Belteshazzar, master of the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in thee, and no secret troubleth thee, tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen, and the interpretation thereof.
Ecclesiastes 3:8  A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.
1 Kings 12:17  But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
2 Samuel 4:7  For when they came into the house, he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head, and gat them away through the plain all night.
Judges 11:13  And the king of the children of Ammon answered unto the messengers of Jephthah, Because Israel took away my land, when they came up out of Egypt, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan: now therefore restore those lands again peaceably.
Joshua 8:14  And it came to pass, when the king of Ai saw it, that they hasted and rose up early, and the men of the city went out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the plain; but he wist not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city.
Deuteronomy 7:11  Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which I command thee this day, to do them.
Genesis 2:13  And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.
2 Peter 3:2  That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets, and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour:
Acts 10:19  While Peter thought on the vision, the Spirit said unto him, Behold, three men seek thee.
Hebrews 9:19  For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats, with water, and scarlet wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both the book, and all the people,
Luke 22:33  And he said unto him, Lord, I am ready to go with thee, both into prison, and to death.
Luke 12:30  For all these things do the nations of the world seek after: and your Father knoweth that ye have need of these things.
Jonah 3:7  And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste any thing: let them not feed, nor drink water:
Song of Solomon 1:8  If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds’ tents.
Ecclesiastes 3:9  What profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboureth?
Job 11:16  Because thou shalt forget thy misery, and remember it as waters that pass away:
Joshua 8:12  And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city.
Exodus 8:10  And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God.
Exodus 4:9  And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken unto thy voice, that thou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land: and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become blood upon the dry land.
1 Corinthians 1:28  And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:
John 9:21  But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.
Amos 7:13  But prophesy not again any more at Bethel: for it is the king’s chapel, and it is the king’s court.
Ezekiel 14:15  If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land, and they spoil it, so that it be desolate, that no man may pass through because of the beasts:
Jeremiah 6:9  Thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall throughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine: turn back thine hand as a grapegatherer into the baskets.
Isaiah 4:6  And there shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the daytime from the heat, and for a place of refuge, and for a covert from storm and from rain.
2 Samuel 11:14  And it came to pass in the morning, that David wrote a letter to Joab, and sent it by the hand of Uriah.
1 Samuel 11:15  And all the people went to Gilgal; and there they made Saul king before the LORD in Gilgal; and there they sacrificed sacrifices of peace offerings before the LORD; and there Saul and all the men of Israel rejoiced greatly.
Genesis 27:29  Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother’s sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee.
1 Corinthians 7:28  But and if thou marry, thou hast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she hath not sinned. Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh: but I spare you.
Acts 17:32  And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter.
Mark 10:5  And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept.
Joel 3:10  Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruninghooks into spears: let the weak say, I am strong.
Daniel 10:18  Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man, and he strengthened me,
Lamentations 1:17  Zion spreadeth forth her hands, and there is none to comfort her: the LORD hath commanded concerning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about him: Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman among them.
Jeremiah 22:23  O inhabitant of Lebanon, that makest thy nest in the cedars, how gracious shalt thou be when pangs come upon thee, the pain as of a woman in travail!
Song of Solomon 2:12  The flowers appear on the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land;
Job 10:14  If I sin, then thou markest me, and thou wilt not acquit me from mine iniquity.
Nehemiah 8:13  And on the second day were gathered together the chief of the fathers of all the people, the priests, and the Levites, unto Ezra the scribe, even to understand the words of the law.
1 Samuel 8:1  And it came to pass, when Samuel was old, that he made his sons judges over Israel.
Leviticus 19:22  And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering before the LORD for his sin which he hath done: and the sin which he hath done shall be forgiven him.
Genesis 11:27  Now these are the generations of Terah: Terah begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran; and Haran begat Lot.
1 Timothy 3:13  For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus.
John 8:5  Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou?
Zephaniah 1:16  A day of the trumpet and alarm against the fenced cities, and against the high towers.
Ecclesiastes 2:4  I made me great works; I builded me houses; I planted me vineyards:
Ezra 3:6  From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD. But the foundation of the temple of the LORD was not yet laid.
1 Samuel 2:7  The LORD maketh poor, and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up.
Joshua 10:24  And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings unto Joshua, that Joshua called for all the men of Israel, and said unto the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them.
Philemon 1:14  But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly.
John 13:25  He then lying on Jesus’ breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?
Luke 2:23  (As it is written in the law of the Lord, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)
Joel 2:14  Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the LORD your God?
Jeremiah 2:7  And I brought you into a plentiful country, to eat the fruit thereof and the goodness thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an abomination.
Isaiah 22:23  And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father’s house.
Proverbs 16:21  The wise in heart shall be called prudent: and the sweetness of the lips increaseth learning.
Job 20:22  In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the wicked shall come upon him.
Job 14:17  My transgression is sealed up in a bag, and thou sewest up mine iniquity.
1 Samuel 25:26  Now therefore, my lord, as the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, seeing the LORD hath withholden thee from coming to shed blood, and from avenging thyself with thine own hand, now let thine enemies, and they that seek evil to my lord, be as Nabal.
Judges 10:14  Go and cry unto the gods which ye have chosen; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation.
Joshua 7:10  And the LORD said unto Joshua, Get thee up; wherefore liest thou thus upon thy face?
Deuteronomy 8:14  Then thine heart be lifted up, and thou forget the LORD thy God, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage;
Leviticus 26:29  And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat.
Exodus 18:19  Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:
Philippians 4:20  Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Acts 4:16  Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it.
Luke 5:14  And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.
Matthew 7:27  And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it.
Proverbs 16:20  He that handleth a matter wisely shall find good: and whoso trusteth in the LORD, happy is he.
2 Chronicles 7:13  If I shut up heaven that there be no rain, or if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people;
Exodus 19:23  And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it.
1 Peter 5:14  Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen.
Acts 9:21  But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name in Jerusalem, and came hither for that intent, that he might bring them bound unto the chief priests?
Jonah 2:5  The waters compassed me about, even to the soul: the depth closed me round about, the weeds were wrapped about my head.
Proverbs 24:26  Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer.
1 Kings 12:15  Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the people; for the cause was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
John 7:26  But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?
Mark 12:27  He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living: ye therefore do greatly err.
Jeremiah 5:10  Go ye up upon her walls, and destroy; but make not a full end: take away her battlements; for they are not the LORD’S.
Proverbs 11:22  As a jewel of gold in a swine’s snout, so is a fair woman which is without discretion.
Proverbs 1:30  They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof.
Nehemiah 8:16  So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water gate, and in the street of the gate of Ephraim.
2 Samuel 13:21  But when king David heard of all these things, he was very wroth.
Deuteronomy 5:14  But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor any of thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; that thy manservant and thy maidservant may rest as well as thou.
Deuteronomy 3:5  All these cities were fenced with high walls, gates, and bars; beside unwalled towns a great many.
2 Corinthians 10:1  Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ, who in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold toward you:
Hebrews 11:25  Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season;
2 Corinthians 4:11  For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus’ sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh.
Romans 3:15  Their feet are swift to shed blood:
Micah 2:4  In that day shall one take up a parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be utterly spoiled: he hath changed the portion of my people: how hath he removed it from me! turning away he hath divided our fields.
Daniel 3:8  Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews.
Job 13:18  Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified.
Nehemiah 13:15  In those days saw I in Judah some treading winepresses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the sabbath day: and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals.
1 Chronicles 15:17  So the Levites appointed Heman the son of Joel; and of his brethren, Asaph the son of Berechiah; and of the sons of Merari their brethren, Ethan the son of Kushaiah;
1 Samuel 13:21  Yet they had a file for the mattocks, and for the coulters, and for the forks, and for the axes, and to sharpen the goads.
Judges 13:21  But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD.
Judges 6:13  And Gideon said unto him, Oh my Lord, if the LORD be with us, why then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up from Egypt? but now the LORD hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites.
Leviticus 5:8  And he shall bring them unto the priest, who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first, and wring off his head from his neck, but shall not divide it asunder:
Exodus 14:17  And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honour upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.
Genesis 24:26  And the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.
2 Peter 2:2  And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of.
Romans 3:18  There is no fear of God before their eyes.
Matthew 12:26  And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?
Matthew 5:24  Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift.
Daniel 10:20  Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come.
Daniel 3:9  They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever.
Lamentations 1:21  They have heard that I sigh: there is none to comfort me: all mine enemies have heard of my trouble; they are glad that thou hast done it: thou wilt bring the day that thou hast called, and they shall be like unto me.
Jeremiah 29:30  Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,
Song of Solomon 1:6  Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother’s children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.
Psalms 7:9  Oh let the wickedness of the wicked come to an end; but establish the just: for the righteous God trieth the hearts and reins.
1 Kings 3:7  And now, O LORD my God, thou hast made thy servant king instead of David my father: and I am but a little child: I know not how to go out or come in.
Genesis 17:20  And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation.
Acts 17:34  Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them.
Matthew 2:10  When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy.
Malachi 2:6  The law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not found in his lips: he walked with me in peace and equity, and did turn many away from iniquity.
Jeremiah 8:10  Therefore will I give their wives unto others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness, from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely.
Song of Solomon 2:6  His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth embrace me.
1 Kings 20:22  And the prophet came to the king of Israel, and said unto him, Go, strengthen thyself, and mark, and see what thou doest: for at the return of the year the king of Syria will come up against thee.
Joshua 22:24  And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing, saying, In time to come your children might speak unto our children, saying, What have ye to do with the LORD God of Israel?
Leviticus 11:18  And the swan, and the pelican, and the gier eagle,
Genesis 26:27  And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you?
Hebrews 3:11  So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)
Romans 11:23  And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.
Micah 5:11  And I will cut off the cities of thy land, and throw down all thy strong holds:
Daniel 11:21  And in his estate shall stand up a vile person, to whom they shall not give the honour of the kingdom: but he shall come in peaceably, and obtain the kingdom by flatteries.
Proverbs 10:20  The tongue of the just is as choice silver: the heart of the wicked is little worth.
2 Samuel 8:14  And he put garrisons in Edom; throughout all Edom put he garrisons, and all they of Edom became David’s servants. And the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
2 Samuel 6:10  So David would not remove the ark of the LORD unto him into the city of David: but David carried it aside into the house of Obed-edom the Gittite.
Joshua 11:13  But as for the cities that stood still in their strength, Israel burned none of them, save Hazor only; that did Joshua burn.
Joshua 4:6  That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean ye by these stones?
Numbers 6:1  And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 29:30  And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven days, when he cometh into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place.
Exodus 3:21  And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty:
Revelation 9:17  And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.
Philippians 2:23  Him therefore I hope to send presently, so soon as I shall see how it will go with me.
Romans 9:25  As he saith also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved.
Acts 21:24  Them take, and purify thyself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law.
Matthew 5:30  And if thy right hand offend thee, cut if off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.
Malachi 2:12  The LORD will cut off the man that doeth this, the master and the scholar, out of the tabernacles of Jacob, and him that offereth an offering unto the LORD of hosts.
Hosea 5:7  They have dealt treacherously against the LORD: for they have begotten strange children: now shall a month devour them with their portions.
Ezekiel 20:22  Nevertheless I withdrew mine hand, and wrought for my name’s sake, that it should not be polluted in the sight of the heathen, in whose sight I brought them forth.
Song of Solomon 2:8  The voice of my beloved! behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills.
Proverbs 8:15  By me kings reign, and princes decree justice.
1 Kings 10:13  And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants.
1 Samuel 2:12  Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the LORD.
Genesis 2:14  And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.
Mark 11:32  But if we shall say, Of men; they feared the people: for all men counted John, that he was a prophet indeed.
Matthew 23:28  Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.
Daniel 2:10  The Chaldeans answered before the king, and said, There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king’s matter: therefore there is no king, lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean.
Jeremiah 12:17  But if they will not obey, I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation, saith the LORD.
Proverbs 11:19  As righteousness tendeth to life: so he that pursueth evil pursueth it to his own death.
1 Chronicles 12:16  And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David.
2 Samuel 12:19  But when David saw that his servants whispered, David perceived that the child was dead: therefore David said unto his servants, Is the child dead? And they said, He is dead.
2 Samuel 12:10  Now therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house; because thou hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife.
Judges 2:5  And they called the name of that place Bochim: and they sacrificed there unto the LORD.
Numbers 5:14  And the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:
Exodus 5:8  And the tale of the bricks, which they did make heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish ought thereof: for they be idle; therefore they cry, saying, Let us go and sacrifice to our God.
Genesis 7:10  And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth.
1 Corinthians 7:7  For I would that all men were even as I myself. But every man hath his proper gift of God, one after this manner, and another after that.
Acts 4:17  But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name.
John 7:22  Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man.
Matthew 13:28  He said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?
Matthew 11:21  Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.
Zechariah 8:14  For thus saith the LORD of hosts; As I thought to punish you, when your fathers provoked me to wrath, saith the LORD of hosts, and I repented not:
Zechariah 6:9  And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Hosea 6:10  I have seen an horrible thing in the house of Israel: there is the whoredom of Ephraim, Israel is defiled.
Daniel 10:21  But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your prince.
Job 12:15  Behold, he withholdeth the waters, and they dry up: also he sendeth them out, and they overturn the earth.
2 Kings 12:17  Then Hazael king of Syria went up, and fought against Gath, and took it: and Hazael set his face to go up to Jerusalem.
Judges 4:7  And I will draw unto thee to the river Kishon Sisera, the captain of Jabin’s army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I will deliver him into thine hand.
Revelation 8:13  And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!
1 Corinthians 16:21  The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand.
Luke 4:19  To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.
Mark 14:30  And Jesus saith unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this day, even in this night, before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice.
Mark 13:19  For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be.
Amos 7:11  For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land.
Lamentations 3:9  He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone, he hath made my paths crooked.
Jeremiah 11:14  Therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up a cry or prayer for them: for I will not hear them in the time that they cry unto me for their trouble.
Jeremiah 7:13  And now, because ye have done all these works, saith the LORD, and I spake unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and I called you, but ye answered not;
Song of Solomon 3:4  It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother’s house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me.
Job 11:17  And thine age shall be clearer than the noonday; thou shalt shine forth, thou shalt be as the morning.
2 Kings 8:15  And it came to pass on the morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped it in water, and spread it on his face, so that he died: and Hazael reigned in his stead.
2 Samuel 11:21  Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall, that he died in Thebez? why went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also.
2 Samuel 11:17  And the men of the city went out, and fought with Joab: and there fell some of the people of the servants of David; and Uriah the Hittite died also.
2 Samuel 8:15  And David reigned over all Israel; and David executed judgment and justice unto all his people.
1 Samuel 12:16  Now therefore stand and see this great thing, which the LORD will do before your eyes.
1 Samuel 5:10  Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekron. And it came to pass, as the ark of God came to Ekron, that the Ekronites cried out, saying, They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us, to slay us and our people.
Numbers 11:24  And Moses went out, and told the people the words of the LORD, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the tabernacle.
Leviticus 11:21  Yet these may ye eat of every flying creeping thing that goeth upon all four, which have legs above their feet, to leap withal upon the earth;
Galatians 4:12  Brethren, I beseech you, be as I am; for I am as ye are: ye have not injured me at all.
Acts 3:2  And a certain man lame from his mother’s womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;
John 9:25  He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.
Hosea 8:11  Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to sin.
1 Samuel 4:7  And the Philistines were afraid, for they said, God is come into the camp. And they said, Woe unto us! for there hath not been such a thing heretofore.
Joshua 6:11  So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: and they came into the camp, and lodged in the camp.
Deuteronomy 4:11  And ye came near and stood under the mountain; and the mountain burned with fire unto the midst of heaven, with darkness, clouds, and thick darkness.
Numbers 11:15  And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have found favour in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness.
Exodus 2:6  And when she had opened it, she saw the child: and, behold, the babe wept. And she had compassion on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews’ children.
Genesis 11:24  And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah:
James 5:18  And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit.
2 Corinthians 12:18  I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?
Romans 7:17  Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Ezekiel 12:13  My net also will I spread upon him, and he shall be taken in my snare: and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans; yet shall he not see it, though he shall die there.
Isaiah 2:10  Enter into the rock, and hide thee in the dust, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty.
Job 11:20  But the eyes of the wicked shall fail, and they shall not escape, and their hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost.
Nehemiah 3:5  And next unto them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles put not their necks to the work of their Lord.
2 Chronicles 18:19  And the LORD said, Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel, that he may go up and fall at Ramoth-gilead? And one spake saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
2 Samuel 17:20  And when Absalom’s servants came to the woman to the house, they said, Where is Ahimaaz and Jonathan? And the woman said unto them, They be gone over the brook of water. And when they had sought and could not find them, they returned to Jerusalem.
Deuteronomy 7:12  Wherefore it shall come to pass, if ye hearken to these judgments, and keep, and do them, that the LORD thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which he sware unto thy fathers:
Exodus 16:21  And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his eating: and when the sun waxed hot, it melted.
1 Peter 3:2  While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear.
1 Timothy 6:21  Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen.
Luke 20:23  But he perceived their craftiness, and said unto them, Why tempt ye me?
Mark 7:16  If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
Song of Solomon 8:9  If she be a wall, we will build upon her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will inclose her with boards of cedar.
Ezra 2:5  The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.
Ruth 3:5  And she said unto her, All that thou sayest unto me I will do.
Acts 4:2  Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead.
John 8:26  I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.
Daniel 2:8  The king answered and said, I know of certainty that ye would gain the time, because ye see the thing is gone from me.
Jeremiah 12:16  And it shall come to pass, if they will diligently learn the ways of my people, to swear by my name, The LORD liveth; as they taught my people to swear by Baal; then shall they be built in the midst of my people.
Isaiah 9:20  And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm:
Job 18:20  They that come after him shall be astonied at his day, as they that went before were affrighted.
1 Chronicles 24:25  The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah; Zechariah.
Genesis 9:16  And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.
John 8:25  Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning.
John 8:8  And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground.
Luke 12:12  For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say.
Luke 3:19  But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip’s wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done,
Malachi 3:14  Ye have said, It is vain to serve God: and what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts?
Ezekiel 1:27  And I saw as the colour of amber, as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about.
Jeremiah 16:18  And first I will recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable and abominable things.
2 Samuel 7:13  He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever.
Numbers 16:21  Separate yourselves from among this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment.
Numbers 13:15  Of the tribe of Gad, Geuel the son of Machi.
Leviticus 20:22  Ye shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: that the land, whither I bring you to dwell therein, spue you not out.
Exodus 12:22  And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the bason, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the bason; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.
1 Thessalonians 2:11  As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children,
Luke 13:25  When once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, Lord, Lord, open unto us; and he shall answer and say unto you, I know you not whence ye are:
Daniel 7:15  I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.
Isaiah 5:13  Therefore my people are gone into captivity, because they have no knowledge: and their honourable men are famished, and their multitude dried up with thirst.
Job 12:22  He discovereth deep things out of darkness, and bringeth out to light the shadow of death.
Job 12:19  He leadeth princes away spoiled, and overthroweth the mighty.
Nehemiah 6:8  Then I sent unto him, saying, There are no such things done as thou sayest, but thou feignest them out of thine own heart.
1 Chronicles 10:14  And enquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse.
1 Chronicles 5:10  And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east land of Gilead.
1 Kings 10:16  And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of gold went to one target.
Leviticus 11:19  And the stork, the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.
Exodus 10:21  And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand toward heaven, that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt, even darkness which may be felt.
1 Corinthians 7:4  The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife.
Romans 15:24  Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company.
John 8:4  They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act.
Jeremiah 2:8  The priests said not, Where is the LORD? and they that handle the law knew me not: the pastors also transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by Baal, and walked after things that do not profit.
Job 6:14  To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty.
Ezra 10:17  And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month.
2 Samuel 5:9  So David dwelt in the fort, and called it the city of David. And David built round about from Millo and inward.
Joshua 6:10  And Joshua had commanded the people, saying, Ye shall not shout, nor make any noise with your voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall ye shout.
Leviticus 11:17  And the little owl, and the cormorant, and the great owl,
Luke 1:51  He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination of their hearts.
Matthew 2:12  And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way.
Micah 6:11  Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of deceitful weights?
Job 14:18  And surely the mountain falling cometh to nought, and the rock is removed out of his place.
Nehemiah 9:15  And gavest them bread from heaven for their hunger, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst, and promisedst them that they should go in to possess the land which thou hadst sworn to give them.
2 Samuel 12:31  And he brought forth the people that were therein, and put them under saws, and under harrows of iron, and under axes of iron, and made them pass through the brickkiln: and thus did he unto all the cities of the children of Ammon. So David and all the people returned unto Jerusalem.
Deuteronomy 8:15  Who led thee through that great and terrible wilderness, wherein were fiery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water; who brought thee forth water out of the rock of flint;
Deuteronomy 5:17  Thou shalt not kill.
Numbers 1:30  Of the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Genesis 11:15  And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
John 8:27  They understood not that he spake to them of the Father.
John 7:2  Now the Jews’ feast of tabernacles was at hand.
Matthew 25:33  And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.
Zechariah 8:12  For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit, and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things.
Isaiah 1:30  For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth, and as a garden that hath no water.
Proverbs 11:20  They that are of a froward heart are abomination to the LORD: but such as are upright in their way are his delight.
Job 10:17  Thou renewest thy witnesses against me, and increasest thine indignation upon me; changes and war are against me.
2 Samuel 12:24  And David comforted Bath-sheba his wife, and went in unto her, and lay with her: and she bare a son, and he called his name Solomon: and the LORD loved him.
Deuteronomy 2:4  And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore:
Numbers 5:10  And every man’s hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man giveth the priest, it shall be his.
Genesis 17:21  But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.
Galatians 2:14  But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?
1 Corinthians 11:22  What? have ye not houses to eat and to drink in? or despise ye the church of God, and shame them that have not? What shall I say to you? shall I praise you in this? I praise you not.
Luke 2:26  And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord’s Christ.
Matthew 11:18  For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He hath a devil.
Matthew 5:26  Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing.
Proverbs 9:12  If thou be wise, thou shalt be wise for thyself: but if thou scornest, thou alone shalt bear it.
2 Samuel 18:25  And the watchman cried, and told the king. And the king said, If he be alone, there is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near.
1 Samuel 12:17  Is it not wheat harvest to day? I will call unto the LORD, and he shall send thunder and rain; that ye may perceive and see that your wickedness is great, which ye have done in the sight of the LORD, in asking you a king.
1 Samuel 3:7  Now Samuel did not yet know the LORD, neither was the word of the LORD yet revealed unto him.
1 Samuel 2:9  He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail.
Joshua 12:13  The king of Debir, one; the king of Geder, one;
Leviticus 11:22  Even these of them ye may eat; the locust after his kind, and the bald locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind.
Genesis 18:32  And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten’s sake.
1 Corinthians 4:11  Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted, and have no certain dwellingplace;
Luke 5:25  And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God.
Mark 14:29  But Peter said unto him, Although all shall be offended, yet will not I.
Mark 8:17  And when Jesus knew it, he saith unto them, Why reason ye, because ye have no bread? perceive ye not yet, neither understand? have ye your heart yet hardened?
Matthew 10:17  But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to the councils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues;
Habakkuk 3:7  I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble.
Isaiah 3:9  The shew of their countenance doth witness against them; and they declare their sin as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe unto their soul! for they have rewarded evil unto themselves.
2 Chronicles 12:16  And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Abijah his son reigned in his stead.
Joshua 21:22  And Kibzaim with her suburbs, and Beth-horon with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 14:15  And the name of Hebron before was Kirjath-arba; which Arba was a great man among the Anakims. And the land had rest from war.
Joshua 8:16  And all the people that were in Ai were called together to pursue after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from the city.
Genesis 9:14  And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud:
1 Thessalonians 3:10  Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith?
Luke 10:26  He said unto him, What is written in the law? how readest thou?
Micah 6:12  For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.
Amos 2:5  But I will send a fire upon Judah, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 7:14  In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the day of adversity consider: God also hath set the one over against the other, to the end that man should find nothing after him.
Proverbs 11:21  Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.
2 Kings 9:15  But king Joram was returned to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria.) And Jehu said, If it be your minds, then let none go forth nor escape out of the city to go to tell it in Jezreel.
2 Kings 3:15  But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.
Numbers 28:30  And one kid of the goats, to make an atonement for you.
Numbers 12:15  And Miriam was shut out from the camp seven days: and the people journeyed not till Miriam was brought in again.
Exodus 7:13  And he hardened Pharaoh’s heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.
Philemon 1:17  If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself.
1 Thessalonians 5:20  Despise not prophesyings.
2 Corinthians 3:10  For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth.
Acts 10:22  And they said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house, and to hear words of thee.
Acts 7:20  In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up in his father’s house three months:
Jeremiah 4:8  For this gird you with sackcloth, lament and howl: for the fierce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us.
Ezra 10:16  And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.
1 Samuel 16:19  Wherefore Saul sent messengers unto Jesse, and said, Send me David thy son, which is with the sheep.
Judges 7:10  But if thou fear to go down, go thou with Phurah thy servant down to the host:
Genesis 4:18  And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.
1 Peter 2:20  For what glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God.
John 16:26  At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:
Mark 15:20  And when they had mocked him, they took off the purple from him, and put his own clothes on him, and led him out to crucify him.
Mark 6:19  Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not:
Mark 5:15  And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.
Joel 2:19  Yea, the LORD will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:
Daniel 9:18  O my God, incline thine ear, and hear; open thine eyes, and behold our desolations, and the city which is called by thy name: for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses, but for thy great mercies.
Ezekiel 8:10  So I went in and saw; and behold every form of creeping things, and abominable beasts, and all the idols of the house of Israel, pourtrayed upon the wall round about.
Proverbs 23:25  Thy father and thy mother shall be glad, and she that bare thee shall rejoice.
Psalms 9:20  Put them in fear, O LORD: that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah.
Psalms 9:12  When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth not the cry of the humble.
Ezra 7:11  Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel.
2 Chronicles 5:10  There was nothing in the ark save the two tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when the LORD made a covenant with the children of Israel, when they came out of Egypt.
1 Chronicles 7:12  Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher.
2 Kings 9:13  Then they hasted, and took every man his garment, and put it under him on the top of the stairs, and blew with trumpets, saying, Jehu is king.
Judges 10:16  And they put away the strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was grieved for the misery of Israel.
Judges 3:7  And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and forgat the LORD their God, and served Baalim and the groves.
Judges 2:10  And also all that generation were gathered unto their fathers: and there arose another generation after them, which knew not the LORD, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel.
Deuteronomy 8:16  Who fed thee in the wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee, to do thee good at thy latter end;
Deuteronomy 6:21  Then thou shalt say unto thy son, We were Pharaoh’s bondmen in Egypt; and the LORD brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand:
Numbers 1:31  Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.
Genesis 4:23  And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice; ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.
1 Timothy 5:15  For some are already turned aside after Satan.
2 Corinthians 5:2  For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven:
Luke 8:20  And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee.
Mark 10:8  And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but one flesh.
Jonah 2:6  I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about me for ever: yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, O LORD my God.
Joel 3:15  The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall withdraw their shining.
Hosea 9:12  Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also to them when I depart from them!
Lamentations 2:4  He hath bent his bow like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an adversary, and slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the tabernacle of the daughter of Zion: he poured out his fury like fire.
Esther 7:9  And Harbonah, one of the chamberlains, said before the king, Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for Mordecai, who had spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman. Then the king said, Hang him thereon.
1 Chronicles 17:19  O LORD, for thy servant’s sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things.
1 Chronicles 1:31  Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.
1 Kings 12:1  And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.
2 Samuel 3:6  And it came to pass, while there was war between the house of Saul and the house of David, that Abner made himself strong for the house of Saul.
1 Samuel 7:1  And the men of Kirjath-jearim came, and brought up the ark of the LORD, and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD.
Exodus 6:9  And Moses spake so unto the children of Israel: but they hearkened not unto Moses for anguish of spirit, and for cruel bondage.
1 Corinthians 10:29  Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my liberty judged of another man’s conscience?
Acts 15:24  Forasmuch as we have heard, that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, Ye must be circumcised, and keep the law: to whom we gave no such commandment:
John 7:23  If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day?
Luke 2:18  And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.
Matthew 14:29  And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus.
Amos 3:9  Publish in the palaces at Ashdod, and in the palaces in the land of Egypt, and say, Assemble yourselves upon the mountains of Samaria, and behold the great tumults in the midst thereof, and the oppressed in the midst thereof.
Hosea 8:10  Yea, though they have hired among the nations, now will I gather them, and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes.
Song of Solomon 2:2  As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters.
Ecclesiastes 3:7  A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
Job 8:13  So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite’s hope shall perish:
Ezra 6:10  That they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the king, and of his sons.
Joshua 10:18  And Joshua said, Roll great stones upon the mouth of the cave, and set men by it for to keep them:
Joshua 10:17  And it was told Joshua, saying, The five kings are found hid in a cave at Makkedah.
Numbers 18:21  And, behold, I have given the children of Levi all the tenth in Israel for an inheritance, for their service which they serve, even the service of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Genesis 18:29  And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there. And he said, I will not do it for forty’s sake.
1 John 4:21  And this commandment have we from him, That he who loveth God love his brother also.
Philemon 1:16  Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?
John 11:20  Then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him: but Mary sat still in the house.
Luke 6:3  And Jesus answering them said, Have ye not read so much as this, what David did, when himself was an hungred, and they which were with him;
Luke 1:52  He hath put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree.
Daniel 11:15  So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chosen people, neither shall there be any strength to withstand.
Daniel 3:7  Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of musick, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.
Nehemiah 9:17  And refused to obey, neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but thou art a God ready to pardon, gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and forsookest them not.
2 Chronicles 13:15  Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of Judah shouted, it came to pass, that God smote Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah.
2 Kings 11:1  And when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal.
1 Kings 3:9  Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between good and bad: for who is able to judge this thy so great a people?
2 Samuel 2:8  But Abner the son of Ner, captain of Saul’s host, took Ish-bosheth the son of Saul, and brought him over to Mahanaim;
Joshua 5:14  And he said, Nay; but as captain of the host of the LORD am I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to the earth, and did worship, and said unto him, What saith my lord unto his servant?
Deuteronomy 10:18  He doth execute the judgment of the fatherless and widow, and loveth the stranger, in giving him food and raiment.
Exodus 13:18  But God led the people about, through the way of the wilderness of the Red sea: and the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt.
2 Corinthians 12:20  For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings, tumults:
1 Corinthians 14:21  In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for all that will they not hear me, saith the Lord.
John 10:8  All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.
Matthew 21:35  And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another.
Hosea 4:9  And there shall be, like people, like priest: and I will punish them for their ways, and reward them their doings.
Lamentations 1:19  I called for my lovers, but they deceived me: my priests and mine elders gave up the ghost in the city, while they sought their meat to relieve their souls.
Isaiah 8:13  Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread.
1 Kings 9:13  And he said, What cities are these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of Cabul unto this day.
Joshua 5:8  And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the people, that they abode in their places in the camp, till they were whole.
Hebrews 2:16  For verily he took not on him the nature of angels; but he took on him the seed of Abraham.
Ephesians 5:4  Neither filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not convenient: but rather giving of thanks.
Romans 5:4  And patience, experience; and experience, hope:
Acts 19:31  And certain of the chief of Asia, which were his friends, sent unto him, desiring him that he would not adventure himself into the theatre.
Acts 9:25  Then the disciples took him by night, and let him down by the wall in a basket.
Matthew 22:33  And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine.
Amos 3:12  Thus saith the LORD; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the lion two legs, or a piece of an ear; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed, and in Damascus in a couch.
Daniel 4:10  Thus were the visions of mine head in my bed; I saw, and behold a tree in the midst of the earth, and the height thereof was great.
Proverbs 1:33  But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil.
Psalms 10:14  Thou hast seen it; for thou beholdest mischief and spite, to requite it with thy hand: the poor committeth himself unto thee; thou art the helper of the fatherless.
1 Kings 13:16  And he said, I may not return with thee, nor go in with thee: neither will I eat bread nor drink water with thee in this place:
Judges 11:14  And Jephthah sent messengers again unto the king of the children of Ammon:
Philippians 4:23  The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Acts 7:18  Till another king arose, which knew not Joseph.
Zechariah 2:5  For I, saith the LORD, will be unto her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the midst of her.
Proverbs 11:28  He that trusteth in his riches shall fall: but the righteous shall flourish as a branch.
Job 8:12  Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb.
2 Kings 9:14  So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi conspired against Joram. (Now Joram had kept Ramoth-gilead, he and all Israel, because of Hazael king of Syria.
1 Kings 9:20  And all the people that were left of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, which were not of the children of Israel,
Deuteronomy 11:14  That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil.
Philemon 1:15  For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou shouldest receive him for ever;
Ezekiel 13:15  Thus will I accomplish my wrath upon the wall, and upon them that have daubed it with untempered morter, and will say unto you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it;
Jeremiah 11:13  For according to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O Judah; and according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem have ye set up altars to that shameful thing, even altars to burn incense unto Baal.
Jeremiah 10:20  My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken: my children are gone forth of me, and they are not: there is none to stretch forth my tent any more, and to set up my curtains.
Jeremiah 9:12  Who is the wise man, that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passeth through?
2 Kings 10:16  And he said, Come with me, and see my zeal for the LORD. So they made him ride in his chariot.
1 Samuel 7:14  And the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel, from Ekron even unto Gath; and the coasts thereof did Israel deliver out of the hands of the Philistines. And there was peace between Israel and the Amorites.
Numbers 13:16  These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land. And Moses called Oshea the son of Nun Jehoshua.
Acts 14:26  And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled.
Mark 9:25  When Jesus saw that the people came running together, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of him, and enter no more into him.
Mark 2:11  I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine house.
Song of Solomon 6:7  As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks.
Ecclesiastes 7:13  Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath made crooked?
Nehemiah 13:16  There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 12:17  And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it.
1 Kings 12:18  Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute; and all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
1 Kings 11:18  And they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land.
1 Samuel 8:18  And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you; and the LORD will not hear you in that day.
1 Samuel 6:13  And they of Beth-shemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the valley: and they lifted up their eyes, and saw the ark, and rejoiced to see it.
Deuteronomy 1:31  And in the wilderness, where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God bare thee, as a man doth bear his son, in all the way that ye went, until ye came into this place.
Genesis 11:25  And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.
Hebrews 9:18  Whereupon neither the first testament was dedicated without blood.
1 Corinthians 16:19  The churches of Asia salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord, with the church that is in their house.
Romans 14:22  Hast thou faith? have it to thyself before God. Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth.
Romans 2:2  But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.
Acts 22:30  On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty wherefore he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from his bands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them.
Matthew 4:15  The land of Zabulon, and the land of Nephthalim, by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles;
Malachi 2:8  But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 2:10  For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; and send unto Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing.
Ecclesiastes 8:15  Then I commended mirth, because a man hath no better thing under the sun, than to eat, and to drink, and to be merry: for that shall abide with him of his labour the days of his life, which God giveth him under the sun.
Proverbs 14:18  The simple inherit folly: but the prudent are crowned with knowledge.
Job 9:15  Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge.
2 Kings 8:18  And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for the daughter of Ahab was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the LORD.
1 Kings 8:18  And the LORD said unto David my father, Whereas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou didst well that it was in thine heart.
1 Samuel 23:25  Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they told David: wherefore he came down into a rock, and abode in the wilderness of Maon. And when Saul heard that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
1 Samuel 6:15  And the Levites took down the ark of the LORD, and the coffer that was with it, wherein the jewels of gold were, and put them on the great stone: and the men of Beth-shemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed sacrifices the same day unto the LORD.
Deuteronomy 8:13  And when thy herds and thy flocks multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied;
Exodus 12:31  And he called for Moses and Aaron by night, and said, Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the children of Israel; and go, serve the LORD, as ye have said.
Revelation 5:14  And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever.
Philippians 4:16  For even in Thessalonica ye sent once and again unto my necessity.
Matthew 22:31  But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by God, saying,
Matthew 10:15  Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.
Matthew 6:29  And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Micah 3:7  Then shall the seers be ashamed, and the diviners confounded: yea, they shall all cover their lips; for there is no answer of God.
Hosea 5:8  Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Beth-aven, after thee, O Benjamin.
Daniel 2:9  But if ye will not make known unto me the dream, there is but one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof.
Proverbs 12:21  There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief.
Job 12:18  He looseth the bond of kings, and girdeth their loins with a girdle.
2 Chronicles 6:13  For Solomon had made a brasen scaffold, of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven,
2 Kings 5:11  But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.
2 Samuel 6:15  So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet.
1 Samuel 5:1  And the Philistines took the ark of God, and brought it from Eben-ezer unto Ashdod.
Numbers 24:25  And Balaam rose up, and went and returned to his place: and Balak also went his way.
Revelation 21:25  And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there.
Hebrews 6:15  And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.
1 Thessalonians 4:12  That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may have lack of nothing.
Ephesians 6:22  Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.
2 Corinthians 6:11  O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged.
Romans 4:12  And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which he had being yet uncircumcised.
Ezekiel 22:24  Son of man, say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation.
Ezekiel 10:11  When they went, they went upon their four sides; they turned not as they went, but to the place whither the head looked they followed it; they turned not as they went.
Song of Solomon 1:7  Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions?
Proverbs 30:33  Surely the churning of milk bringeth forth butter, and the wringing of the nose bringeth forth blood: so the forcing of wrath bringeth forth strife.
Proverbs 12:25  Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad.
Job 11:18  And thou shalt be secure, because there is hope; yea, thou shalt dig about thee, and thou shalt take thy rest in safety.
Job 3:8  Let them curse it that curse the day, who are ready to raise up their mourning.
1 Chronicles 11:13  He was with David at Pas-dammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines.
Judges 12:13  And after him Abdon the son of Hillel, a Pirathonite, judged Israel.
Leviticus 15:16  And if any man’s seed of copulation go out from him, then he shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even.
Genesis 10:15  And Canaan begat Sidon his firstborn, and Heth,
Revelation 18:23  And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived.
Revelation 2:13  I know thy works, and where thou dwellest, even where Satan’s seat is: and thou holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth.
John 7:25  Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill?
Mark 5:12  And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them.
Amos 2:7  That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name:
Daniel 6:12  Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king’s decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.
Isaiah 9:19  Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened, and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire: no man shall spare his brother.
2 Kings 6:13  And he said, Go and spy where he is, that I may send and fetch him. And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in Dothan.
2 Samuel 11:20  And if so be that the king’s wrath arise, and he say unto thee, Wherefore approached ye so nigh unto the city when ye did fight? knew ye not that they would shoot from the wall?
2 Samuel 6:13  And it was so, that when they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings.
2 Samuel 5:17  But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard of it, and went down to the hold.
1 Samuel 16:21  And David came to Saul, and stood before him: and he loved him greatly; and he became his armourbearer.
Joshua 24:28  So Joshua let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance.
Joshua 10:20  And it came to pass, when Joshua and the children of Israel had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter, till they were consumed, that the rest which remained of them entered into fenced cities.
Ephesians 2:17  And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.
2 Corinthians 12:21  And lest, when I come again, my God will humble me among you, and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already, and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed.
John 11:28  And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee.
Luke 15:28  And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him.
Luke 14:20  And another said, I have married a wife, and therefore I cannot come.
Malachi 3:13  Your words have been stout against me, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, What have we spoken so much against thee?
Haggai 2:8  The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, saith the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 3:9  And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks.
Isaiah 7:13  And he said, Hear ye now, O house of David; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will ye weary my God also?
Ecclesiastes 4:13  Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king, who will no more be admonished.
Ecclesiastes 4:1  So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had no comforter.
Proverbs 4:9  She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee.
2 Chronicles 17:19  These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah.
2 Chronicles 10:14  And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
1 Samuel 9:20  And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on thee, and on all thy father’s house?
Ruth 4:11  And all the people that were in the gate, and the elders, said, We are witnesses. The LORD make the woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah, which two did build the house of Israel: and do thou worthily in Ephratah, and be famous in Bethlehem:
Leviticus 10:13  And ye shall eat it in the holy place, because it is thy due, and thy sons’ due, of the sacrifices of the LORD made by fire: for so I am commanded.
Leviticus 4:7  And the priest shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the LORD, which is in the tabernacle of the congregation: and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
2 Peter 2:16  But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass speaking with man’s voice forbad the madness of the prophet.
1 Corinthians 9:18  What is my reward then? Verily that, when I preach the gospel, I may make the gospel of Christ without charge, that I abuse not my power in the gospel.
Hosea 6:11  Also, O Judah, he hath set an harvest for thee, when I returned the captivity of my people.
Jeremiah 23:26  How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, they are prophets of the deceit of their own heart;
Psalms 10:17  LORD, thou hast heard the desire of the humble: thou wilt prepare their heart, thou wilt cause thine ear to hear:
Job 9:13  If God will not withdraw his anger, the proud helpers do stoop under him.
2 Kings 10:13  Jehu met with the brethren of Ahaziah king of Judah, and said, Who are ye? And they answered, We are the brethren of Ahaziah; and we go down to salute the children of the king and the children of the queen.
1 Kings 11:19  And Hadad found great favour in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen.
1 Kings 9:16  For Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up, and taken Gezer, and burnt it with fire, and slain the Canaanites that dwelt in the city, and given it for a present unto his daughter, Solomon’s wife.
1 Samuel 9:15  Now the LORD had told Samuel in his ear a day before Saul came, saying,
Numbers 6:9  And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head of his consecration; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it.
Hebrews 2:15  And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage.
Acts 22:25  And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?
Acts 9:23  And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him:
Mark 7:17  And when he was entered into the house from the people, his disciples asked him concerning the parable.
Matthew 14:30  But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me.
Zechariah 4:7  Who art thou, O great mountain? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it.
Daniel 11:16  But he that cometh against him shall do according to his own will, and none shall stand before him: and he shall stand in the glorious land, which by his hand shall be consumed.
1 Chronicles 6:13  And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,
Deuteronomy 1:27  And ye murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought us forth out of the land of Egypt, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us.
Exodus 10:16  Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron in haste; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you.
Acts 21:28  Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple, and hath polluted this holy place.
John 7:7  The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.
John 7:3  His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest.
Proverbs 10:15  The rich man’s wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty.
Nehemiah 9:14  And madest known unto them thy holy sabbath, and commandedst them precepts, statutes, and laws, by the hand of Moses thy servant:
Ezra 8:12  And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males.
1 Chronicles 7:13  The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the sons of Bilhah.
2 Kings 12:15  Moreover they reckoned not with the men, into whose hand they delivered the money to be bestowed on workmen: for they dealt faithfully.
2 Kings 9:17  And there stood a watchman on the tower in Jezreel, and he spied the company of Jehu as he came, and said, I see a company. And Joram said, Take an horseman, and send to meet them, and let him say, Is it peace?
2 Samuel 12:21  Then said his servants unto him, What thing is this that thou hast done? thou didst fast and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when the child was dead, thou didst rise and eat bread.
2 Samuel 11:18  Then Joab sent and told David all the things concerning the war;
Judges 14:16  And Samson’s wife wept before him, and said, Thou dost but hate me, and lovest me not: thou hast put forth a riddle unto the children of my people, and hast not told it me. And he said unto her, Behold, I have not told it my father nor my mother, and shall I tell it thee?
Judges 5:8  They chose new gods; then was war in the gates: was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in Israel?
Philippians 2:17  Yea, and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith, I joy, and rejoice with you all.
Galatians 6:18  Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Matthew 21:41  They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons.
Zephaniah 3:11  In that day shalt thou not be ashamed for all thy doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then I will take away out of the midst of thee them that rejoice in thy pride, and thou shalt no more be haughty because of my holy mountain.
Amos 5:12  For I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty sins: they afflict the just, they take a bribe, and they turn aside the poor in the gate from their right.
Amos 4:9  I have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.
Joel 2:20  But I will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things.
Proverbs 1:32  For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them.
Nehemiah 10:16  Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin,
1 Samuel 9:16  To morrow about this time I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hand of the Philistines: for I have looked upon my people, because their cry is come unto me.
Judges 13:17  And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, What is thy name, that when thy sayings come to pass we may do thee honour?
Numbers 14:17  And now, I beseech thee, let the power of my Lord be great, according as thou hast spoken, saying,
Numbers 4:6  And shall put thereon the covering of badgers’ skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof.
Genesis 12:6  And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite was then in the land.
Colossians 4:13  For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis.
Luke 3:13  And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you.
Amos 5:16  Therefore the LORD, the God of hosts, the Lord, saith thus; Wailing shall be in all streets; and they shall say in all the highways, Alas! alas! and they shall call the husbandman to mourning, and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing.
Lamentations 1:20  Behold, O LORD; for I am in distress: my bowels are troubled; mine heart is turned within me; for I have grievously rebelled: abroad the sword bereaveth, at home there is as death.
Isaiah 5:15  And the mean man shall be brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled:
Proverbs 19:22  The desire of a man is his kindness: and a poor man is better than a liar.
Proverbs 3:17  Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace.
Job 8:14  Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider’s web.
2 Chronicles 9:11  And the king made of the algum trees terraces to the house of the LORD, and to the king’s palace, and harps and psalteries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of Judah.
1 Chronicles 11:17  And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate!
2 Samuel 11:19  And charged the messenger, saying, When thou hast made an end of telling the matters of the war unto the king,
1 Samuel 3:15  And Samuel lay until the morning, and opened the doors of the house of the LORD. And Samuel feared to shew Eli the vision.
Joshua 7:11  Israel hath sinned, and they have also transgressed my covenant which I commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff.
Deuteronomy 1:30  The LORD your God which goeth before you, he shall fight for you, according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes;
Numbers 11:19  Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days, nor twenty days;
Exodus 10:17  Now therefore forgive, I pray thee, my sin only this once, and intreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only.
2 Peter 2:18  For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.
Romans 2:18  And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law;
Acts 16:40  And they went out of the prison, and entered into the house of Lydia and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and departed.
John 13:26  Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.
Mark 12:12  And they sought to lay hold on him, but feared the people: for they knew that he had spoken the parable against them: and they left him, and went their way.
Song of Solomon 7:8  I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof: now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell of thy nose like apples;
Ecclesiastes 10:14  A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what shall be after him, who can tell him?
Esther 5:7  Then answered Esther, and said, My petition and my request is;
Nehemiah 10:13  Hodijah, Bani, Beninu.
2 Samuel 13:19  And Tamar put ashes on her head, and rent her garment of divers colours that was on her, and laid her hand on her head, and went on crying.
2 Samuel 8:18  And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and David’s sons were chief rulers.
2 Samuel 5:13  And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem, after he was come from Hebron: and there were yet sons and daughters born to David.
Exodus 12:20  Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread.
James 5:3  Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days.
Colossians 4:9  With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known unto you all things which are done here.
2 Corinthians 11:20  For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face.
Acts 10:21  Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?
Nahum 3:5  Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts; and I will discover thy skirts upon thy face, and I will shew the nations thy nakedness, and the kingdoms thy shame.
Isaiah 13:16  Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses shall be spoiled, and their wives ravished.
Job 12:21  He poureth contempt upon princes, and weakeneth the strength of the mighty.
1 Chronicles 11:16  And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines’ garrison was then at Bethlehem.
1 Kings 5:10  So Hiram gave Solomon cedar trees and fir trees according to all his desire.
1 Samuel 6:19  And he smote the men of Beth-shemesh, because they had looked into the ark of the LORD, even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men: and the people lamented, because the LORD had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter.
Judges 7:11  And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the host.
Judges 3:6  And they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods.
Numbers 19:20  But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be cut off from among the congregation, because he hath defiled the sanctuary of the LORD: the water of separation hath not been sprinkled upon him; he is unclean.
Exodus 20:25  And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone, thou shalt not build it of hewn stone: for if thou lift up thy tool upon it, thou hast polluted it.
Genesis 15:20  And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaims,
Genesis 9:21  And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.
Revelation 2:23  And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works.
Hebrews 6:14  Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee.
Luke 3:18  And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the people.
Proverbs 19:23  The fear of the LORD tendeth to life: and he that hath it shall abide satisfied; he shall not be visited with evil.
Proverbs 3:15  She is more precious than rubies: and all the things thou canst desire are not to be compared unto her.
2 Chronicles 7:11  Thus Solomon finished the house of the LORD, and the king’s house: and all that came into Solomon’s heart to make in the house of the LORD, and in his own house, he prosperously effected.
2 Kings 12:18  And Jehoash king of Judah took all the hallowed things that Jehoshaphat, and Jehoram, and Ahaziah, his fathers, kings of Judah, had dedicated, and his own hallowed things, and all the gold that was found in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and in the king’s house, and sent it to Hazael king of Syria: and he went away from Jerusalem.
2 Kings 11:18  And all the people of the land went into the house of Baal, and brake it down; his altars and his images brake they in pieces thoroughly, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars. And the priest appointed officers over the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 9:20  And the watchman told, saying, He came even unto them, and cometh not again: and the driving is like the driving of Jehu the son of Nimshi; for he driveth furiously.
1 Kings 12:28  Whereupon the king took counsel, and made two calves of gold, and said unto them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem: behold thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
1 Kings 10:17  And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.
1 Kings 3:15  And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream. And he came to Jerusalem, and stood before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and offered up burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings, and made a feast to all his servants.
2 Samuel 6:11  And the ark of the LORD continued in the house of Obed-edom the Gittite three months: and the LORD blessed Obed-edom, and all his household.
Judges 10:17  Then the children of Ammon were gathered together, and encamped in Gilead. And the children of Israel assembled themselves together, and encamped in Mizpeh.
Joshua 19:20  And Rabbith, and Kishion, and Abez,
Numbers 8:10  And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD: and the children of Israel shall put their hands upon the Levites:
Hebrews 9:21  Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the vessels of the ministry.
Romans 16:23  Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother.
Jonah 3:8  But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands.
Amos 8:12  And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD, and shall not find it.
Daniel 8:16  And I heard a man’s voice between the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision.
Lamentations 4:8  Their visage is blacker than a coal; they are not known in the streets: their skin cleaveth to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick.
Jeremiah 6:10  To whom shall I speak, and give warning, that they may hear? behold, their ear is uncircumcised, and they cannot hearken: behold, the word of the LORD is unto them a reproach; they have no delight in it.
Job 11:19  Also thou shalt lie down, and none shall make thee afraid; yea, many shall make suit unto thee.
Job 3:9  Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark; let it look for light, but have none; neither let it see the dawning of the day:
2 Kings 3:7  And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, saying, The king of Moab hath rebelled against me: wilt thou go with me against Moab to battle? And he said, I will go up: I am as thou art, my people as thy people, and my horses as thy horses.
1 Kings 12:22  But the word of God came unto Shemaiah the man of God, saying,
1 Kings 9:17  And Solomon built Gezer, and Beth-horon the nether,
1 Kings 2:5  Moreover thou knowest also what Joab the son of Zeruiah did to me, and what he did to the two captains of the hosts of Israel, unto Abner the son of Ner, and unto Amasa the son of Jether, whom he slew, and shed the blood of war in peace, and put the blood of war upon his girdle that was about his loins, and in his shoes that were on his feet.
Hebrews 7:21  (For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)
2 Timothy 3:3  Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,
1 Corinthians 10:10  Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer.
Acts 18:28  For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ.
John 7:30  Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come.
Luke 12:23  The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.
Luke 2:17  And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.
Luke 1:43  And whence is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?
Ezekiel 27:28  The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots.
Proverbs 13:17  A wicked messenger falleth into mischief: but a faithful ambassador is health.
Proverbs 11:27  He that diligently seeketh good procureth favour: but he that seeketh mischief, it shall come unto him.
Psalms 37:39  But the salvation of the righteous is of the LORD: he is their strength in the time of trouble.
Job 10:21  Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death;
1 Samuel 15:21  But the people took of the spoil, sheep and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed, to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God in Gilgal.
Judges 1:27  Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Beth-shean and her towns, nor Taanach and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns: but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.
Joshua 2:6  But she had brought them up to the roof of the house, and hid them with the stalks of flax, which she had laid in order upon the roof.
Deuteronomy 10:19  Love ye therefore the stranger: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.
1 John 5:5  Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?
Hebrews 12:21  And so terrible was the sight, that Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake:)
1 Timothy 6:2  And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and exhort.
Ephesians 6:24  Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.
2 Corinthians 8:22  And we have sent with them our brother, whom we have oftentimes proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent, upon the great confidence which I have in you.
Romans 11:2  God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying,
Acts 13:27  For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him.
Acts 5:19  But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said,
Amos 9:15  And I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them, saith the LORD thy God.
Jeremiah 17:21  Thus saith the LORD; Take heed to yourselves, and bear no burden on the sabbath day, nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem;
Proverbs 12:20  Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil: but to the counsellors of peace is joy.
Proverbs 10:31  The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom: but the froward tongue shall be cut out.
Proverbs 5:10  Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger;
2 Chronicles 11:13  And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts.
1 Chronicles 9:11  And Azariah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God;
2 Kings 13:16  And he said to the king of Israel, Put thine hand upon the bow. And he put his hand upon it: and Elisha put his hands upon the king’s hands.
2 Samuel 2:10  Ish-bosheth Saul’s son was forty years old when he began to reign over Israel, and reigned two years. But the house of Judah followed David.
Numbers 1:27  Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Judah, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.
Leviticus 16:21  And Aaron shall lay both his hands upon the head of the live goat, and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and all their transgressions in all their sins, putting them upon the head of the goat, and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness:
Galatians 3:20  Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one.
Mark 10:3  And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you?
Isaiah 3:7  In that day shall he swear, saying, I will not be an healer; for in my house is neither bread nor clothing: make me not a ruler of the people.
Job 3:7  Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful voice come therein.
Nehemiah 12:17  Of Abijah, Zichri; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai;
1 Chronicles 10:13  So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it;
2 Kings 11:19  And he took the rulers over hundreds, and the captains, and the guard, and all the people of the land; and they brought down the king from the house of the LORD, and came by the way of the gate of the guard to the king’s house. And he sat on the throne of the kings.
1 Kings 17:22  And the LORD heard the voice of Elijah; and the soul of the child came into him again, and he revived.
2 Samuel 5:11  And Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and cedar trees, and carpenters, and masons: and they built David an house.
Judges 13:19  So Manoah took a kid with a meat offering, and offered it upon a rock unto the LORD: and the angel did wonderously; and Manoah and his wife looked on.
Galatians 3:18  For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise.
2 Corinthians 11:24  Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one.
Luke 6:23  Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets.
Mark 4:14  The sower soweth the word.
Micah 7:12  In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria, and from the fortified cities, and from the fortress even to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to mountain.
Micah 3:8  But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD, and of judgment, and of might, to declare unto Jacob his transgression, and to Israel his sin.
Hosea 2:8  For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prepared for Baal.
Ezekiel 24:25  Also, thou son of man, shall it not be in the day when I take from them their strength, the joy of their glory, the desire of their eyes, and that whereupon they set their minds, their sons and their daughters,
Proverbs 10:24  The fear of the wicked, it shall come upon him: but the desire of the righteous shall be granted.
2 Chronicles 2:5  And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods.
1 Kings 11:21  And when Hadad heard in Egypt that David slept with his fathers, and that Joab the captain of the host was dead, Hadad said to Pharaoh, Let me depart, that I may go to mine own country.
1 Samuel 11:14  Then said Samuel to the people, Come, and let us go to Gilgal, and renew the kingdom there.
1 Samuel 6:1  And the ark of the LORD was in the country of the Philistines seven months.
1 Samuel 3:17  And he said, What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee? I pray thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee.
Exodus 10:24  And Pharaoh called unto Moses, and said, Go ye, serve the LORD; only let your flocks and your herds be stayed: let your little ones also go with you.
Exodus 10:20  But the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go.
1 John 2:24  Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father.
2 Peter 2:17  These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.
Ephesians 3:15  Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,
Romans 16:24  The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
John 7:29  But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me.
Matthew 17:22  And while they abode in Galilee, Jesus said unto them, The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men:
Zephaniah 2:5  Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the land of the Philistines, I will even destroy thee, that there shall be no inhabitant.
Hosea 4:11  Whoredom and wine and new wine take away the heart.
Job 7:11  Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.
1 Chronicles 12:18  Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band.
1 Kings 6:13  And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will not forsake my people Israel.
Deuteronomy 6:14  Ye shall not go after other gods, of the gods of the people which are round about you;
Numbers 1:29  Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.
Leviticus 18:25  And the land is defiled: therefore I do visit the iniquity thereof upon it, and the land itself vomiteth out her inhabitants.
Philemon 1:18  If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;
Acts 26:31  And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds.
Acts 8:28  Was returning, and sitting in his chariot read Esaias the prophet.
Hosea 4:13  They sacrifice upon the tops of the mountains, and burn incense upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the shadow thereof is good: therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom, and your spouses shall commit adultery.
Daniel 11:17  He shall also set his face to enter with the strength of his whole kingdom, and upright ones with him; thus shall he do: and he shall give him the daughter of women, corrupting her: but she shall not stand on his side, neither be for him.
Ezekiel 18:21  But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Jeremiah 2:9  Wherefore I will yet plead with you, saith the LORD, and with your children’s children will I plead.
Isaiah 2:12  For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty, and upon every one that is lifted up; and he shall be brought low:
Ecclesiastes 3:15  That which hath been is now; and that which is to be hath already been; and God requireth that which is past.
Job 7:13  When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaint;
Nehemiah 8:15  And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written.
2 Chronicles 14:15  They smote also the tents of cattle, and carried away sheep and camels in abundance, and returned to Jerusalem.
1 Kings 12:25  Then Jeroboam built Shechem in mount Ephraim, and dwelt therein; and went out from thence, and built Penuel.
2 Samuel 11:26  And when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband.
Deuteronomy 19:20  And those which remain shall hear, and fear, and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil among you.
Deuteronomy 4:19  And lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven, and when thou seest the sun, and the moon, and the stars, even all the host of heaven, shouldest be driven to worship them, and serve them, which the LORD thy God hath divided unto all nations under the whole heaven.
Leviticus 6:8  And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
John 12:22  Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.
Luke 7:24  And when the messengers of John were departed, he began to speak unto the people concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness for to see? A reed shaken with the wind?
Matthew 25:30  And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Jeremiah 10:21  For the pastors are become brutish, and have not sought the LORD: therefore they shall not prosper, and all their flocks shall be scattered.
Proverbs 6:13  He winketh with his eyes, he speaketh with his feet, he teacheth with his fingers;
Job 12:20  He removeth away the speech of the trusty, and taketh away the understanding of the aged.
Ezra 7:13  I make a decree, that all they of the people of Israel, and of his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem, go with thee.
1 Chronicles 7:10  The sons also of Jediael; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar.
1 Chronicles 1:38  And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezar, and Dishan.
1 Kings 7:10  And the foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits.
Ruth 4:16  And Naomi took the child, and laid it in her bosom, and became nurse unto it.
Judges 2:8  And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.
Deuteronomy 12:16  Only ye shall not eat the blood; ye shall pour it upon the earth as water.
Exodus 10:18  And he went out from Pharaoh, and intreated the LORD.
Genesis 15:19  The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,
Hebrews 2:2  For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward;
1 Thessalonians 2:14  For ye, brethren, became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus: for ye also have suffered like things of your own countrymen, even as they have of the Jews:
1 Corinthians 10:26  For the earth is the Lord’s, and the fulness thereof.
Luke 19:26  For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be given; and from him that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him.
Mark 14:19  And they began to be sorrowful, and to say unto him one by one, Is it I? and another said, Is it I?
Joel 2:26  And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.
Proverbs 12:28  In the way of righteousness is life; and in the pathway thereof there is no death.
Ezra 9:15  O LORD God of Israel, thou art righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as it is this day: behold, we are before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee because of this.
2 Chronicles 11:16  And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem, to sacrifice unto the LORD God of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 8:12  The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof:
1 Chronicles 6:10  And Johanan begat Azariah, (he it is that executed the priest’s office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)
Deuteronomy 14:16  The little owl, and the great owl, and the swan,
Genesis 10:31  These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations.
Genesis 9:19  These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread.
Matthew 15:23  But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us.
Matthew 4:14  That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,
Zechariah 7:10  And oppress not the widow, nor the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor; and let none of you imagine evil against his brother in your heart.
Amos 3:11  Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about the land; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee, and thy palaces shall be spoiled.
Ezekiel 5:7  Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye multiplied more than the nations that are round about you, and have not walked in my statutes, neither have kept my judgments, neither have done according to the judgments of the nations that are round about you;
Ecclesiastes 10:16  Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!
Proverbs 10:21  The lips of the righteous feed many: but fools die for want of wisdom.
Job 21:24  His breasts are full of milk, and his bones are moistened with marrow.
Nehemiah 10:17  Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur,
Ezra 8:13  And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males.
1 Chronicles 12:19  And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads.
2 Kings 6:10  And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor twice.
1 Kings 11:26  And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon’s servant, whose mother’s name was Zeruah, a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king.
2 Samuel 15:18  And all his servants passed on beside him; and all the Cherethites, and all the Pelethites, and all the Gittites, six hundred men which came after him from Gath, passed on before the king.
2 Samuel 8:1  And after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them: and David took Metheg-ammah out of the hand of the Philistines.
Joshua 2:5  And it came to pass about the time of shutting of the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out: whither the men went I wot not: pursue after them quickly; for ye shall overtake them.
Leviticus 8:12  And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron’s head, and anointed him, to sanctify him.
Genesis 13:16  And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth: so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered.
Ephesians 4:21  If so be that ye have heard him, and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus:
John 10:5  And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.
Matthew 18:32  Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me:
Matthew 4:16  The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.
Zechariah 9:13  When I have bent Judah for me, filled the bow with Ephraim, and raised up thy sons, O Zion, against thy sons, O Greece, and made thee as the sword of a mighty man.
Zechariah 3:8  Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH.
Joel 3:12  Let the heathen be wakened, and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about.
Joel 3:11  Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye heathen, and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, O LORD.
Proverbs 12:24  The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under tribute.
Psalms 9:16  The LORD is known by the judgment which he executeth: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.
2 Chronicles 11:17  So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon.
1 Chronicles 2:5  The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.
1 Kings 12:21  And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he assembled all the house of Judah, with the tribe of Benjamin, an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against the house of Israel, to bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam the son of Solomon.
1 Samuel 19:22  Then went he also to Ramah, and came to a great well that is in Sechu: and he asked and said, Where are Samuel and David? And one said, Behold, they be at Naioth in Ramah.
1 Samuel 6:11  And they laid the ark of the LORD upon the cart, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their emerods.
Judges 8:14  And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and enquired of him: and he described unto him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even threescore and seventeen men.
Deuteronomy 17:19  And it shall be with him, and he shall read therein all the days of his life: that he may learn to fear the LORD his God, to keep all the words of this law and these statutes, to do them:
Revelation 16:21  And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was exceeding great.
2 Thessalonians 2:14  Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.
John 16:30  Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.
Luke 2:24  And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.
Mark 2:2  And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word unto them.
Matthew 7:4  Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye?
Micah 2:6  Prophesy ye not, say they to them that prophesy: they shall not prophesy to them, that they shall not take shame.
Daniel 11:18  After this shall he turn his face unto the isles, and shall take many: but a prince for his own behalf shall cause the reproach offered by him to cease; without his own reproach he shall cause it to turn upon him.
Daniel 5:9  Then was king Belshazzar greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied.
Jeremiah 10:19  Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous: but I said, Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it.
Proverbs 8:18  Riches and honour are with me; yea, durable riches and righteousness.
2 Chronicles 6:10  The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken: for I am risen up in the room of David my father, and am set on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built the house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
2 Kings 12:1  In the seventh year of Jehu Jehoash began to reign; and forty years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name was Zibiah of Beer-sheba.
1 Kings 11:20  And the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son, whom Tahpenes weaned in Pharaoh’s house: and Genubath was in Pharaoh’s household among the sons of Pharaoh.
2 Samuel 23:25  Shammah the Harodite, Elika the Harodite,
2 Samuel 12:11  Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house, and I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbour, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this sun.
1 Samuel 3:18  And Samuel told him every whit, and hid nothing from him. And he said, It is the LORD: let him do what seemeth him good.
Joshua 15:17  And Othniel the son of Kenaz, the brother of Caleb, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.
Leviticus 11:27  And whatsoever goeth upon his paws, among all manner of beasts that go on all four, those are unclean unto you: whoso toucheth their carcase shall be unclean until the even.
Genesis 31:33  And Laban went into Jacob’s tent, and into Leah’s tent, and into the two maidservants’ tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah’s tent, and entered into Rachel’s tent.
Revelation 2:15  So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate.
1 Peter 4:15  But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or as a thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men’s matters.
Colossians 4:11  And Jesus, which is called Justus, who are of the circumcision. These only are my fellow workers unto the kingdom of God, which have been a comfort unto me.
2 Corinthians 11:22  Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I.
Acts 13:24  When John had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel.
Acts 7:19  The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and evil entreated our fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might not live.
John 13:28  Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.
Mark 13:28  Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:
Lamentations 3:8  Also when I cry and shout, he shutteth out my prayer.
Job 10:13  And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know that this is with thee.
Esther 9:11  On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought before the king.
Esther 3:6  And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai.
2 Kings 2:5  And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he answered, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.
1 Samuel 6:18  And the golden mice, according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to the five lords, both of fenced cities, and of country villages, even unto the great stone of Abel, whereon they set down the ark of the LORD: which stone remaineth unto this day in the field of Joshua, the Beth-shemite.
Leviticus 14:16  And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand, and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD:
Revelation 9:13  And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God,
2 Corinthians 3:14  But their minds were blinded: for until this day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old testament; which vail is done away in Christ.
Acts 8:19  Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost.
Luke 20:24  Shew me a penny. Whose image and superscription hath it? They answered and said, Caesar’s.
Micah 5:12  And I will cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand; and thou shalt have no more soothsayers:
Micah 4:10  Be in pain, and labour to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, like a woman in travail: for now shalt thou go forth out of the city, and thou shalt dwell in the field, and thou shalt go even to Babylon; there shalt thou be delivered; there the LORD shall redeem thee from the hand of thine enemies.
Joel 3:13  Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe: come, get you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is great.
Joel 2:24  And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil.
Ezekiel 11:13  And it came to pass, when I prophesied, that Pelatiah the son of Benaiah died. Then fell I down upon my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou make a full end of the remnant of Israel?
Isaiah 2:17  And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.
Job 9:17  For he breaketh me with a tempest, and multiplieth my wounds without cause.
2 Kings 9:16  So Jehu rode in a chariot, and went to Jezreel; for Joram lay there. And Ahaziah king of Judah was come down to see Joram.
Deuteronomy 12:17  Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn, or of thy wine, or of thy oil, or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock, nor any of thy vows which thou vowest, nor thy freewill offerings, or heave offering of thine hand:
Numbers 13:19  And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds;
1 Samuel 7:13  So the Philistines were subdued, and they came no more into the coast of Israel: and the hand of the LORD was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
1 John 2:21  I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth.
2 Corinthians 2:6  Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many.
Habakkuk 2:8  Because thou hast spoiled many nations, all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee; because of men’s blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.
Micah 1:1  The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.
Amos 3:10  For they know not to do right, saith the LORD, who store up violence and robbery in their palaces.
Amos 2:9  Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his fruit from above, and his roots from beneath.
Esther 5:8  If I have found favour in the sight of the king, and if it please the king to grant my petition, and to perform my request, let the king and Haman come to the banquet that I shall prepare for them, and I will do to morrow as the king hath said.
Ezra 8:14  Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males.
2 Kings 11:21  Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign.
1 Kings 6:10  And then he built chambers against all the house, five cubits high: and they rested on the house with timber of cedar.
Ruth 4:9  And Boaz said unto the elders, and unto all the people, Ye are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech’s, and all that was Chilion’s and Mahlon’s, of the hand of Naomi.
Judges 10:18  And the people and princes of Gilead said one to another, What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammon? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of Gilead.
Joshua 5:1  And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel, until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in them any more, because of the children of Israel.
Leviticus 8:13  And Moses brought Aaron’s sons, and put coats upon them, and girded them with girdles, and put bonnets upon them; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Revelation 9:15  And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men.
Philemon 1:24  Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.
1 Corinthians 3:13  Every man’s work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man’s work of what sort it is.
Romans 16:22  I Tertius, who wrote this epistle, salute you in the Lord.
Romans 15:28  When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain.
Luke 18:32  For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:
Mark 11:11  And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out unto Bethany with the twelve.
Hosea 10:13  Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men.
Ezekiel 4:7  Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of Jerusalem, and thine arm shall be uncovered, and thou shalt prophesy against it.
Ecclesiastes 12:10  The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth.
Job 8:15  He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.
1 Chronicles 11:1  Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy flesh.
2 Kings 19:23  By the messengers thou hast reproached the Lord, and hast said, With the multitude of my chariots I am come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon, and will cut down the tall cedar trees thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the lodgings of his borders, and into the forest of his Carmel.
1 Kings 3:8  And thy servant is in the midst of thy people which thou hast chosen, a great people, that cannot be numbered nor counted for multitude.
2 Samuel 6:12  And it was told king David, saying, The LORD hath blessed the house of Obed-edom, and all that pertaineth unto him, because of the ark of God. So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obed-edom into the city of David with gladness.
1 Samuel 18:21  And Saul said, I will give him her, that she may be a snare to him, and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him. Wherefore Saul said to David, Thou shalt this day be my son in law in the one of the twain.
1 Samuel 3:8  And the LORD called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child.
Leviticus 18:23  Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith: neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto: it is confusion.
Exodus 10:13  And Moses stretched forth his rod over the land of Egypt, and the LORD brought an east wind upon the land all that day, and all that night; and when it was morning, the east wind brought the locusts.
Hebrews 13:23  Know ye that our brother Timothy is set at liberty; with whom, if he come shortly, I will see you.
Galatians 5:5  For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.
Luke 8:8  And other fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bare fruit an hundredfold. And when he had said these things, he cried, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Mark 1:37  And when they had found him, they said unto him, All men seek for thee.
Amos 4:11  I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.
Hosea 7:12  When they shall go, I will spread my net upon them; I will bring them down as the fowls of the heaven; I will chastise them, as their congregation hath heard.
Song of Solomon 2:15  Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes.
Nehemiah 12:18  Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;
Nehemiah 9:16  But they and our fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and hearkened not to thy commandments,
Ezra 8:16  Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding.
1 Kings 9:14  And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold.
1 Samuel 16:23  And it came to pass, when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul, that David took an harp, and played with his hand: so Saul was refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit departed from him.
Exodus 2:10  And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh’s daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water.
1 Thessalonians 3:13  To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God, even our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints.
Galatians 6:17  From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.
Luke 6:4  How he went into the house of God, and did take and eat the shewbread, and gave also to them that were with him; which it is not lawful to eat but for the priests alone?
Zechariah 11:15  And the LORD said unto me, Take unto thee yet the instruments of a foolish shepherd.
Zechariah 3:9  For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.
Zechariah 3:6  And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua, saying,
Amos 8:14  They that swear by the sin of Samaria, and say, Thy god, O Dan, liveth; and, The manner of Beer-sheba liveth; even they shall fall, and never rise up again.
Isaiah 8:15  And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.
Ecclesiastes 9:15  Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the city; yet no man remembered that same poor man.
Proverbs 4:10  Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of thy life shall be many.
Esther 6:7  And Haman answered the king, For the man whom the king delighteth to honour,
Nehemiah 9:20  Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them, and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth, and gavest them water for their thirst.
Ezra 6:15  And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king.
1 Kings 12:26  And Jeroboam said in his heart, Now shall the kingdom return to the house of David:
Ruth 2:5  Then said Boaz unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this?
Deuteronomy 1:29  Then I said unto you, Dread not, neither be afraid of them.
1 John 2:26  These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you.
Philemon 1:20  Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord.
1 Thessalonians 2:15  Who both killed the Lord Jesus, and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men:
Galatians 2:13  And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation.
Romans 11:30  For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:
Luke 7:20  When the men were come unto him, they said, John Baptist hath sent us unto thee, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?
Matthew 15:28  Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour.
Ezekiel 6:7  And the slain shall fall in the midst of you, and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 3:17  I said in mine heart, God shall judge the righteous and the wicked: for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work.
Proverbs 13:18  Poverty and shame shall be to him that refuseth instruction: but he that regardeth reproof shall be honoured.
Proverbs 3:21  My son, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep sound wisdom and discretion:
Nehemiah 6:9  For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done. Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands.
Ezra 6:13  Then Tatnai, governor on this side the river, Shethar-boznai, and their companions, according to that which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily.
Ezra 3:7  They gave money also unto the masons, and to the carpenters; and meat, and drink, and oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia.
1 Kings 17:21  And he stretched himself upon the child three times, and cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray thee, let this child’s soul come into him again.
1 Samuel 13:17  And the spoilers came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies: one company turned unto the way that leadeth to Ophrah, unto the land of Shual:
Judges 1:31  Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Accho, nor the inhabitants of Zidon, nor of Ahlab, nor of Achzib, nor of Helbah, nor of Aphik, nor of Rehob:
Joshua 8:11  And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of Ai: now there was a valley between them and Ai.
Genesis 18:31  And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty’s sake.
Genesis 6:16  A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.
2 Thessalonians 3:12  Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread.
Romans 11:10  Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.
Acts 22:26  When the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest: for this man is a Roman.
John 18:27  Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew.
Hosea 2:9  Therefore will I return, and take away my corn in the time thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to cover her nakedness.
Daniel 4:11  The tree grew, and was strong, and the height thereof reached unto heaven, and the sight thereof to the end of all the earth:
Jeremiah 10:24  O LORD, correct me, but with judgment; not in thine anger, lest thou bring me to nothing.
Jeremiah 8:11  For they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.
Isaiah 7:15  Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good.
Ecclesiastes 8:12  Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God, which fear before him:
2 Chronicles 8:12  Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the altar of the LORD, which he had built before the porch,
2 Kings 10:17  And when he came to Samaria, he slew all that remained unto Ahab in Samaria, till he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the LORD, which he spake to Elijah.
1 Kings 10:20  And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom.
2 Samuel 12:26  And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and took the royal city.
1 Samuel 9:19  And Samuel answered Saul, and said, I am the seer: go up before me unto the high place; for ye shall eat with me to day, and to morrow I will let thee go, and will tell thee all that is in thine heart.
Judges 6:19  And Gideon went in, and made ready a kid, and unleavened cakes of an ephah of flour: the flesh he put in a basket, and he put the broth in a pot, and brought it out unto him under the oak, and presented it.
Numbers 11:18  And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us in Egypt: therefore the LORD will give you flesh, and ye shall eat.
Leviticus 11:28  And he that beareth the carcase of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: they are unclean unto you.
Leviticus 10:16  And Moses diligently sought the goat of the sin offering, and, behold, it was burnt: and he was angry with Eleazar and Ithamar, the sons of Aaron which were left alive, saying,
Leviticus 10:14  And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean place; thou, and thy sons, and thy daughters with thee: for they be thy due, and thy sons’ due, which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel.
Ephesians 6:20  For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak.
Ephesians 6:6  Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;
Romans 2:19  And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness,
Acts 7:23  And when he was full forty years old, it came into his heart to visit his brethren the children of Israel.
John 9:22  These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.
Luke 14:22  And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room.
Luke 12:3  Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops.
Luke 6:25  Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep.
Zechariah 2:6  Ho, ho, come forth, and flee from the land of the north, saith the LORD: for I have spread you abroad as the four winds of the heaven, saith the LORD.
Jonah 2:8  They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.
Hosea 2:7  And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now.
Isaiah 2:9  And the mean man boweth down, and the great man humbleth himself: therefore forgive them not.
Ecclesiastes 3:18  I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them, and that they might see that they themselves are beasts.
Proverbs 11:26  He that withholdeth corn, the people shall curse him: but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it.
Job 10:20  Are not my days few? cease then, and let me alone, that I may take comfort a little,
Nehemiah 4:10  And Judah said, The strength of the bearers of burdens is decayed, and there is much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall.
1 Chronicles 8:14  And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,
2 Kings 6:15  And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do?
1 Kings 12:20  And it came to pass, when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again, that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made him king over all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David, but the tribe of Judah only.
2 Samuel 11:22  So the messenger went, and came and shewed David all that Joab had sent him for.
Judges 2:17  And yet they would not hearken unto their judges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed themselves unto them: they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments of the LORD; but they did not so.
Deuteronomy 11:16  Take heed to yourselves, that your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them;
Numbers 9:15  And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning.
Leviticus 8:14  And he brought the bullock for the sin offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the bullock for the sin offering.
Revelation 9:16  And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them.
Revelation 6:14  And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places.
Revelation 2:16  Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth.
2 Corinthians 6:13  Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged.
Acts 8:7  For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed.
Acts 4:22  For the man was above forty years old, on whom this miracle of healing was shewed.
John 10:6  This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them.
Luke 7:17  And this rumour of him went forth throughout all Judaea, and throughout all the region round about.
Lamentations 5:6  We have given the hand to the Egyptians, and to the Assyrians, to be satisfied with bread.
Jeremiah 17:26  And they shall come from the cities of Judah, and from the places about Jerusalem, and from the land of Benjamin, and from the plain, and from the mountains, and from the south, bringing burnt offerings, and sacrifices, and meat offerings, and incense, and bringing sacrifices of praise, unto the house of the LORD.
Job 10:18  Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb? Oh that I had given up the ghost, and no eye had seen me!
2 Samuel 19:22  And David said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of Zeruiah, that ye should this day be adversaries unto me? shall there any man be put to death this day in Israel? for do not I know that I am this day king over Israel?
2 Samuel 3:7  And Saul had a concubine, whose name was Rizpah, the daughter of Aiah: and Ish-bosheth said to Abner, Wherefore hast thou gone in unto my father’s concubine?
1 Samuel 3:9  Therefore Eli said unto Samuel, Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, LORD; for thy servant heareth. So Samuel went and lay down in his place.
Deuteronomy 28:32  Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto another people, and thine eyes shall look, and fail with longing for them all the day long: and there shall be no might in thine hand.
Numbers 6:15  And a basket of unleavened bread, cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil, and their meat offering, and their drink offerings.
Genesis 8:12  And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more.
Philippians 2:18  For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.
Luke 6:5  And he said unto them, That the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.
Malachi 2:7  For the priest’s lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth: for he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts.
Jonah 3:9  Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?
Ezekiel 4:8  And, behold, I will lay bands upon thee, and thou shalt not turn thee from one side to another, till thou hast ended the days of thy siege.
Isaiah 2:11  The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.
Song of Solomon 1:11  We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver.
Proverbs 12:26  The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but the way of the wicked seduceth them.
Job 12:25  They grope in the dark without light, and he maketh them to stagger like a drunken man.
2 Chronicles 13:16  And the children of Israel fled before Judah: and God delivered them into their hand.
2 Kings 17:22  For the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did; they departed not from them;
1 Samuel 10:14  And Saul’s uncle said unto him and to his servant, Whither went ye? And he said, To seek the asses: and when we saw that they were no where, we came to Samuel.
1 Samuel 10:13  And when he had made an end of prophesying, he came to the high place.
1 Samuel 4:8  Woe unto us! who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty Gods? these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness.
Judges 2:16  Nevertheless the LORD raised up judges, which delivered them out of the hand of those that spoiled them.
Joshua 5:10  And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal, and kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of Jericho.
Joshua 3:6  And Joshua spake unto the priests, saying, Take up the ark of the covenant, and pass over before the people. And they took up the ark of the covenant, and went before the people.
2 Corinthians 7:15  And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.
1 Corinthians 10:25  Whatsoever is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for conscience sake:
Romans 6:20  For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness.
John 7:6  Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready.
Mark 7:3  For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, except they wash their hands oft, eat not, holding the tradition of the elders.
Amos 5:17  And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass through thee, saith the LORD.
Amos 3:15  And I will smite the winter house with the summer house; and the houses of ivory shall perish, and the great houses shall have an end, saith the LORD.
Ezekiel 23:24  And they shall come against thee with chariots, wagons, and wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee buckler and shield and helmet round about: and I will set judgment before them, and they shall judge thee according to their judgments.
Ezekiel 2:4  For they are impudent children and stiffhearted. I do send thee unto them; and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD.
Jeremiah 14:14  Then the LORD said unto me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them: they prophesy unto you a false vision and divination, and a thing of nought, and the deceit of their heart.
Ecclesiastes 4:10  For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up.
Ecclesiastes 2:17  Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Nehemiah 12:22  The Levites in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, and Johanan, and Jaddua, were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian.
Nehemiah 12:1  Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra,
Nehemiah 11:17  And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun.
Ezra 8:15  And I gathered them together to the river than runneth to Ahava; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons of Levi.
1 Chronicles 8:13  Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:
1 Kings 11:24  And he gathered men unto him, and became captain over a band, when David slew them of Zobah: and they went to Damascus, and dwelt therein, and reigned in Damascus.
2 Samuel 2:7  Therefore now let your hands be strengthened, and be ye valiant: for your master Saul is dead, and also the house of Judah have anointed me king over them.
Joshua 10:21  And all the people returned to the camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace: none moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel.
Joshua 9:11  Wherefore our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye a league with us.
Deuteronomy 8:17  And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth.
Numbers 10:14  In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Exodus 15:19  For the horse of Pharaoh went in with his chariots and with his horsemen into the sea, and the LORD brought again the waters of the sea upon them; but the children of Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea.
Exodus 2:8  And Pharaoh’s daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child’s mother.
James 5:5  Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter.
Romans 2:21  Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?
Acts 5:18  And laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison.
Acts 5:2  And kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles’ feet.
John 18:24  Now Annas had sent him bound unto Caiaphas the high priest.
John 9:24  Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner.
Luke 17:27  They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all.
Luke 5:21  And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason, saying, Who is this which speaketh blasphemies? Who can forgive sins, but God alone?
Jeremiah 13:15  Hear ye, and give ear; be not proud: for the LORD hath spoken.
Isaiah 14:21  Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities.
Song of Solomon 1:9  I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh’s chariots.
Proverbs 3:16  Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and honour.
Job 8:16  He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his garden.
Ezra 3:9  Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their brethren the Levites.
2 Kings 7:10  So they came and called unto the porter of the city: and they told them, saying, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and, behold, there was no man there, neither voice of man, but horses tied, and asses tied, and the tents as they were.
1 Samuel 5:9  And it was so, that, after they had carried it about, the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts.
Numbers 7:12  And he that offered his offering the first day was Nahshon the son of Amminadab, of the tribe of Judah:
Hebrews 13:25  Grace be with you all. Amen.
1 Timothy 4:11  These things command and teach.
Romans 15:26  For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem.
Acts 11:30  Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul.
Acts 8:23  For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in the bond of iniquity.
John 1:48  Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.
Luke 2:20  And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them.
Amos 5:13  Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time; for it is an evil time.
Proverbs 7:12  Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every corner.)
Nehemiah 12:16  Of Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam;
Ezra 2:6  The children of Pahath-moab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.
1 Kings 5:11  And Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household, and twenty measures of pure oil: thus gave Solomon to Hiram year by year.
2 Samuel 7:16  And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established for ever before thee: thy throne shall be established for ever.
2 Samuel 3:15  And Ish-bosheth sent, and took her from her husband, even from Phaltiel the son of Laish.
2 Samuel 3:9  So do God to Abner, and more also, except, as the LORD hath sworn to David, even so I do to him;
1 Samuel 9:17  And when Samuel saw Saul, the LORD said unto him, Behold the man whom I spake to thee of! this same shall reign over my people.
Joshua 8:13  And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on the north of the city, and their liers in wait on the west of the city, Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley.
Revelation 2:19  I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last to be more than the first.
1 Timothy 5:20  Them that sin rebuke before all, that others also may fear.
Ephesians 5:24  Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing.
1 Corinthians 10:30  For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?
Romans 14:20  For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence.
Romans 2:22  Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?
Acts 23:26  Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting.
John 11:32  Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.
Zechariah 7:11  But they refused to hearken, and pulled away the shoulder, and stopped their ears, that they should not hear.
Jeremiah 2:12  Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith the LORD.
Song of Solomon 2:16  My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feedeth among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 1:10  Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold.
Proverbs 6:19  A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren.
Esther 9:12  And the king said unto Esther the queen, The Jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and the ten sons of Haman; what have they done in the rest of the king’s provinces? now what is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: or what is thy request further? and it shall be done.
Nehemiah 11:16  And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God.
Ezra 10:18  And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah.
2 Kings 12:21  For Jozachar the son of Shimeath, and Jehozabad the son of Shomer, his servants, smote him, and he died; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 10:18  Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold.
1 Kings 4:9  The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Beth-shemesh, and Elon-beth-hanan:
2 Samuel 6:19  And he dealt among all the people, even among the whole multitude of Israel, as well to the women as men, to every one a cake of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine. So all the people departed every one to his house.
2 Samuel 2:12  And Abner the son of Ner, and the servants of Ish-bosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon.
Judges 4:13  And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the Gentiles unto the river of Kishon.
Judges 2:18  And when the LORD raised them up judges, then the LORD was with the judge, and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge: for it repented the LORD because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them.
Leviticus 5:10  And he shall offer the second for a burnt offering, according to the manner: and the priest shall make an atonement for him for his sin which he hath sinned, and it shall be forgiven him.
Genesis 11:18  And Peleg lived thirty years, and begat Reu:
Hebrews 2:13  And again, I will put my trust in him. And again, Behold I and the children which God hath given me.
1 Corinthians 4:16  Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me.
Luke 13:19  It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and cast into his garden; and it grew, and waxed a great tree; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it.
Matthew 8:8  The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.
Ezekiel 21:22  At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort.
Jeremiah 15:18  Why is my pain perpetual, and my wound incurable, which refuseth to be healed? wilt thou be altogether unto me as a liar, and as waters that fail?
Jeremiah 5:9  Shall I not visit for these things? saith the LORD: and shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?
Song of Solomon 1:12  While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof.
Ecclesiastes 5:9  Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field.
Job 9:20  If I justify myself, mine own mouth shall condemn me: if I say, I am perfect, it shall also prove me perverse.
Job 8:11  Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water?
Nehemiah 12:26  These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe.
1 Samuel 12:19  And all the people said unto Samuel, Pray for thy servants unto the LORD thy God, that we die not: for we have added unto all our sins this evil, to ask us a king.
Judges 6:15  And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father’s house.
Joshua 6:13  And seven priests bearing seven trumpets of rams’ horns before the ark of the LORD went on continually, and blew with the trumpets: and the armed men went before them; but the rereward came after the ark of the LORD, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.
2 Peter 2:22  But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire.
Acts 4:3  And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide.
Luke 1:40  And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth.
Matthew 9:25  But when the people were put forth, he went in, and took her by the hand, and the maid arose.
Matthew 8:22  But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.
Song of Solomon 2:13  The fig tree putteth forth her green figs, and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Psalms 10:16  The LORD is King for ever and ever: the heathen are perished out of his land.
Job 12:24  He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way.
Esther 2:4  And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti. And the thing pleased the king; and he did so.
Nehemiah 11:22  The overseer also of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha. Of the sons of Asaph, the singers were over the business of the house of God.
Ezra 5:7  They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace.
2 Chronicles 10:17  But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
2 Chronicles 8:13  Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles.
2 Kings 11:20  And all the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was in quiet: and they slew Athaliah with the sword beside the king’s house.
2 Kings 10:18  And Jehu gathered all the people together, and said unto them, Ahab served Baal a little; but Jehu shall serve him much.
2 Kings 4:9  And she said unto her husband, Behold now, I perceive that this is an holy man of God, which passeth by us continually.
Judges 18:19  And they said unto him, Hold thy peace, lay thine hand upon thy mouth, and go with us, and be to us a father and a priest: is it better for thee to be a priest unto the house of one man, or that thou be a priest unto a tribe and a family in Israel?
Judges 11:21  And the LORD God of Israel delivered Sihon and all his people into the hand of Israel, and they smote them: so Israel possessed all the land of the Amorites, the inhabitants of that country.
Romans 2:20  An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law.
Mark 5:14  And they that fed the swine fled, and told it in the city, and in the country. And they went out to see what it was that was done.
Matthew 13:25  But while men slept, his enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way.
Micah 7:13  Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein, for the fruit of their doings.
Obadiah 1:1  The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent among the heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle.
Amos 6:10  And a man’s uncle shall take him up, and he that burneth him, to bring out the bones out of the house, and shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house, Is there yet any with thee? and he shall say, No. Then shall he say, Hold thy tongue: for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 10:20  Curse not the king, no not in thy thought; and curse not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a bird of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter.
Psalms 6:9  The LORD hath heard my supplication; the LORD will receive my prayer.
Job 9:16  If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice.
Ezra 10:13  But the people are many, and it is a time of much rain, and we are not able to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing.
1 Chronicles 5:9  And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead.
2 Samuel 15:21  And Ittai answered the king, and said, As the LORD liveth, and as my lord the king liveth, surely in what place my lord the king shall be, whether in death or life, even there also will thy servant be.
2 Samuel 13:17  Then he called his servant that ministered unto him, and said, Put now this woman out from me, and bolt the door after her.
2 Samuel 2:9  And made him king over Gilead, and over the Ashurites, and over Jezreel, and over Ephraim, and over Benjamin, and over all Israel.
Deuteronomy 9:15  So I turned and came down from the mount, and the mount burned with fire: and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands.
Deuteronomy 8:20  As the nations which the LORD destroyeth before your face, so shall ye perish; because ye would not be obedient unto the voice of the LORD your God.
Exodus 3:16  Go, and gather the elders of Israel together, and say unto them, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen that which is done to you in Egypt:
Genesis 11:19  And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.
1 Timothy 5:14  I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully.
1 Corinthians 7:6  But I speak this by permission, and not of commandment.
Luke 10:3  Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves.
Micah 7:14  Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage, which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old.
Hosea 10:14  Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Beth-arbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children.
Ecclesiastes 5:14  But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begetteth a son, and there is nothing in his hand.
Esther 3:15  The posts went out, being hastened by the king’s commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.
Ezra 8:11  And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males.
2 Chronicles 8:14  And he appointed, according to the order of David his father, the courses of the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded.
1 Chronicles 6:19  The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers.
1 Kings 11:22  Then Pharaoh said unto him, But what hast thou lacked with me, that, behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he answered, Nothing: howbeit let me go in any wise.
2 Samuel 6:18  And as soon as David had made an end of offering burnt offerings and peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts.
Judges 8:12  And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and took the two kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna, and discomfited all the host.
Leviticus 19:23  And when ye shall come into the land, and shall have planted all manner of trees for food, then ye shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised: three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you: it shall not be eaten of.
Revelation 16:19  And the great city was divided into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in remembrance before God, to give unto her the cup of the wine of the fierceness of his wrath.
Galatians 2:2  And I went up by revelation, and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but privately to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or had run, in vain.
Luke 3:20  Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison.
Mark 2:21  No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old, and the rent is made worse.
Amos 2:8  And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god.
Isaiah 2:18  And the idols he shall utterly abolish.
Song of Solomon 1:17  The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.
Ecclesiastes 10:17  Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness!
Proverbs 17:20  He that hath a froward heart findeth no good: and he that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief.
Psalms 9:15  The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they hid is their own foot taken.
Ezra 10:20  And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah.
1 Chronicles 14:15  And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines.
2 Kings 3:18  And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand.
2 Kings 3:17  For thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see rain; yet that valley shall be filled with water, that ye may drink, both ye, and your cattle, and your beasts.
1 Kings 18:23  Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one bullock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on wood, and put no fire under:
2 Samuel 16:21  And Ahithophel said unto Absalom, Go in unto thy father’s concubines, which he hath left to keep the house; and all Israel shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father: then shall the hands of all that are with thee be strong.
Judges 13:18  And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Why askest thou thus after my name, seeing it is secret?
Numbers 6:10  And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Exodus 16:19  And Moses said, Let no man leave of it till the morning.
Exodus 5:9  Let there more work be laid upon the men, that they may labour therein; and let them not regard vain words.
Revelation 9:21  Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.
Philippians 4:18  But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God.
Galatians 4:23  But he who was of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; but he of the freewoman was by promise.
Luke 1:49  For he that is mighty hath done to me great things; and holy is his name.
Mark 15:28  And the scripture was fulfilled, which saith, And he was numbered with the transgressors.
Mark 2:19  And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? as long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast.
Matthew 27:33  And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,
Daniel 5:11  There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is the spirit of the holy gods; and in the days of thy father light and understanding and wisdom, like the wisdom of the gods, was found in him; whom the king Nebuchadnezzar thy father, the king, I say, thy father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers;
Ezekiel 7:9  And mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: I will recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that smiteth.
Song of Solomon 1:13  A bundle of myrrh is my wellbeloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts.
Isaiah 7:18  And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt, and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria.
Ecclesiastes 12:11  The words of the wise are as goads, and as nails fastened by the masters of assemblies, which are given from one shepherd.
Ecclesiastes 8:16  When I applied mine heart to know wisdom, and to see the business that is done upon the earth: (for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes:)
Proverbs 3:14  For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than fine gold.
2 Chronicles 7:21  And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and unto this house?
2 Samuel 18:21  Then said Joab to Cushi, Go tell the king what thou hast seen. And Cushi bowed himself unto Joab, and ran.
2 Samuel 3:17  And Abner had communication with the elders of Israel, saying, Ye sought for David in times past to be king over you:
1 Samuel 6:10  And the men did so; and took two milch kine, and tied them to the cart, and shut up their calves at home:
Judges 8:15  And he came unto the men of Succoth, and said, Behold Zebah and Zalmunna, with whom ye did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thy men that are weary?
Numbers 13:21  So they went up, and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin unto Rehob, as men come to Hamath.
Leviticus 6:9  Command Aaron and his sons, saying, This is the law of the burnt offering: It is the burnt offering, because of the burning upon the altar all night unto the morning, and the fire of the altar shall be burning in it.
Genesis 6:17  And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.
2 Peter 2:21  For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them.
Hebrews 11:30  By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seven days.
Philemon 1:19  I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides.
2 Timothy 4:13  The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books, but especially the parchments.
Ephesians 6:23  Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Luke 12:29  And seek not ye what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink, neither be ye of doubtful mind.
Mark 12:23  In the resurrection therefore, when they shall rise, whose wife shall she be of them? for the seven had her to wife.
Mark 7:22  Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness:
Ezekiel 17:19  Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; As I live, surely mine oath that he hath despised, and my covenant that he hath broken, even it will I recompense upon his own head.
Jeremiah 7:21  Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Put your burnt offerings unto your sacrifices, and eat flesh.
Isaiah 19:21  And the LORD shall be known to Egypt, and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day, and shall do sacrifice and oblation; yea, they shall vow a vow unto the LORD, and perform it.
Proverbs 14:30  A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones.
Psalms 7:12  If he turn not, he will whet his sword; he hath bent his bow, and made it ready.
Ezra 9:13  And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and hast given us such deliverance as this;
2 Kings 18:23  Now therefore, I pray thee, give pledges to my lord the king of Assyria, and I will deliver thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.
2 Kings 10:20  And Jehu said, Proclaim a solemn assembly for Baal. And they proclaimed it.
1 Kings 3:11  And God said unto him, Because thou hast asked this thing, and hast not asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies; but hast asked for thyself understanding to discern judgment;
1 Samuel 20:22  But if I say thus unto the young man, Behold, the arrows are beyond thee; go thy way: for the LORD hath sent thee away.
Joshua 10:15  And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal.
Deuteronomy 6:2  That thou mightest fear the LORD thy God, to keep all his statutes and his commandments, which I command thee, thou, and thy son, and thy son’s son, all the days of thy life; and that thy days may be prolonged.
Numbers 11:20  But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome unto you: because that ye have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of Egypt?
Numbers 6:18  And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall take the hair of the head of his separation, and put it in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings.
Leviticus 7:9  And all the meat offering that is baken in the oven, and all that is dressed in the fryingpan, and in the pan, shall be the priest’s that offereth it.
Exodus 12:25  And it shall come to pass, when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall keep this service.
Exodus 8:11  And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in the river only.
Romans 7:20  Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
John 15:27  And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning.
Luke 21:30  When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand.
Matthew 21:31  Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you.
Hosea 12:7  He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand: he loveth to oppress.
Ezekiel 8:11  And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan, with every man his censer in his hand; and a thick cloud of incense went up.
Jeremiah 3:12  Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, thou backsliding Israel, saith the LORD; and I will not cause mine anger to fall upon you: for I am merciful, saith the LORD, and I will not keep anger for ever.
Song of Solomon 1:14  My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of En-gedi.
Proverbs 18:23  The poor useth intreaties; but the rich answereth roughly.
2 Chronicles 10:16  And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents.
1 Chronicles 12:28  And Zadok, a young man mighty of valour, and of his father’s house twenty and two captains.
1 Chronicles 12:22  For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God.
1 Chronicles 12:20  As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh.
2 Kings 23:25  And like unto him was there no king before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after him arose there any like him.
2 Samuel 12:25  And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name Jedidiah, because of the LORD.
Judges 15:16  And Samson said, With the jawbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men.
Numbers 10:13  And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 3:6  Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him.
Leviticus 19:24  But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal.
2 Corinthians 5:5  Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit.
Luke 17:32  Remember Lot’s wife.
Mark 8:24  And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking.
Mark 4:18  And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word,
Matthew 14:23  And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone.
Matthew 8:19  And a certain scribe came, and said unto him, Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest.
Zechariah 14:18  And if the family of Egypt go not up, and come not, that have no rain; there shall be the plague, wherewith the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles.
Zechariah 6:13  Even he shall build the temple of the LORD; and he shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and he shall be a priest upon his throne: and the counsel of peace shall be between them both.
Jonah 2:10  And the LORD spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land.
Hosea 9:15  All their wickedness is in Gilgal: for there I hated them: for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters.
Jeremiah 23:27  Which think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, as their fathers have forgotten my name for Baal.
Isaiah 10:15  Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shaketh it? as if the rod should shake itself against them that lift it up, or as if the staff should lift up itself, as if it were no wood.
Song of Solomon 2:10  My beloved spake, and said unto me, Rise up, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Song of Solomon 2:9  My beloved is like a roe or a young hart: behold, he standeth behind our wall, he looketh forth at the windows, shewing himself through the lattice.
Job 13:17  Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears.
Ezra 10:24  Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and Uri.
Ezra 10:21  And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah.
2 Samuel 12:22  And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may live?
2 Samuel 11:27  And when the mourning was past, David sent and fetched her to his house, and she became his wife, and bare him a son. But the thing that David had done displeased the LORD.
1 Samuel 9:21  And Saul answered and said, Am not I a Benjamite, of the smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me?
1 Samuel 3:10  And the LORD came, and stood, and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth.
Joshua 24:27  And Joshua said unto all the people, Behold, this stone shall be a witness unto us; for it hath heard all the words of the LORD which he spake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your God.
Deuteronomy 8:19  And it shall be, if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God, and walk after other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this day that ye shall surely perish.
1 Corinthians 12:23  And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness.
Acts 14:20  Howbeit, as the disciples stood round about him, he rose up, and came into the city: and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derbe.
Luke 4:3  And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.
Matthew 2:14  When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt:
Jeremiah 10:15  They are vanity, and the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.
Ecclesiastes 8:14  There is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be just men, unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous: I said that this also is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 6:8  For what hath the wise more than the fool? what hath the poor, that knoweth to walk before the living?
Proverbs 16:22  Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly.
Nehemiah 8:18  Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner.
Ezra 2:1  Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, every one unto his city;
1 Chronicles 12:31  And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king.
1 Chronicles 8:16  And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;
1 Chronicles 7:21  And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle.
1 Kings 9:19  And all the cities of store that Solomon had, and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion.
1 Kings 8:17  And it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
1 Kings 7:11  And above were costly stones, after the measures of hewed stones, and cedars.
Judges 9:15  And the bramble said unto the trees, If in truth ye anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in my shadow: and if not, let fire come out of the bramble, and devour the cedars of Lebanon.
Deuteronomy 12:18  But thou must eat them before the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates: and thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto.
Deuteronomy 10:15  Only the LORD had a delight in thy fathers to love them, and he chose their seed after them, even you above all people, as it is this day.
Deuteronomy 4:12  And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire: ye heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice.
Leviticus 11:26  The carcases of every beast which divideth the hoof, and is not clovenfooted, nor cheweth the cud, are unclean unto you: every one that toucheth them shall be unclean.
2 Thessalonians 3:17  The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
2 Thessalonians 3:14  And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed.
Colossians 3:25  But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons.
1 Corinthians 3:14  If any man’s work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.
Luke 22:34  And he said, I tell thee, Peter, the cock shall not crow this day, before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me.
Luke 4:20  And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him.
Mark 6:16  But when Herod heard thereof, he said, It is John, whom I beheaded: he is risen from the dead.
Mark 2:22  And no man putteth new wine into old bottles: else the new wine doth burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles.
Matthew 23:29  Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous,
Matthew 2:19  But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt,
Proverbs 15:18  A wrathful man stirreth up strife: but he that is slow to anger appeaseth strife.
Esther 3:7  In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.
Nehemiah 4:9  Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them.
2 Chronicles 6:19  Have respect therefore to the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee:
1 Chronicles 8:18  Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;
1 Kings 3:17  And the one woman said, O my lord, I and this woman dwell in one house; and I was delivered of a child with her in the house.
2 Samuel 16:19  And again, whom should I serve? should I not serve in the presence of his son? as I have served in thy father’s presence, so will I be in thy presence.
2 Samuel 12:20  Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and changed his apparel, and came into the house of the LORD, and worshipped: then he came to his own house; and when he required, they set bread before him, and he did eat.
1 Samuel 12:18  So Samuel called unto the LORD; and the LORD sent thunder and rain that day: and all the people greatly feared the LORD and Samuel.
Genesis 12:11  And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon:
2 Thessalonians 3:15  Yet count him not as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.
1 Thessalonians 2:16  Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost.
2 Corinthians 5:4  For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life.
1 Corinthians 14:22  Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.